Besides the hitters ' failings , left-hander Garret Olson said Baltimore 's young pitchers have struggled to get key outs in close games .
Right-hander Jesse Litsch ( 12 - 8 ) worked six innings to win for the third time in four starts , allowing two runs and four hits .
He walked four and struck out six .
Litsch is 4 - 1 with a 1.91 ERA in seven starts since being recalled from Triple-A on Aug. 14 .
Brian Wolfe and Jesse Carlson worked 1 - 2 - 2 innings in the seventh and eighth , before B. J. Ryan survived a nervous ninth to earn his 31st save in 35 opportunities .
Ryan struck out Millar , but loaded the bases when Luke Scott singled , Oscar Salazar walked and Jay Payton reached on catcher 's interference .
Pinch-hitter Melvin Mora popped out and Brian Roberts ended it with a grounder to short .
Bautista hit his third homer since joining Toronto in a trade from Pittsburgh last month , a solo shot to left in the first .
Baltimore went ahead in the fifth when Litsch walked the bases load and Alex Cintron hit a two - run single .
Toronto put runners at second and third with one out in the bottom half , but came up empty when Bautista popped out and Alex Rios grounded out .
The Blue Jays reclaimed the lead in the sixth .
Adam Lind reached on a fielder 's choice and Lyle Overbay hit a two - out single , chasing Olson .
Right-hander Jim Miller came on to face Zaun and threw his first pitch to the backstop for a wild pitch , advancing both runners .
Zaun followed with a double into the right field corner but was thrown out trying to stretch the hit into a triple , with Cintron relaying Nick Markakis ' throw to Aubrey Huff at third .
Toronto had a chance for an insurance run in the seventh , when Marco Scutaro doubled and Rios drew a two - out walk , but Vernon Wells flied out .
Olson lost for the third time in four starts , giving up three runs and four hits in 5 2/3 innings .
The left-hander was coming off the shortest outing of his career , allowing six runs in 2/3 of an inning in a 12 - 6 loss to Minnesota last Sunday .
PITTSBURGH -- Hitters hear it from the day they graduate from T-Ball : a walk is as good as a hit .
For the division-leading Los Angeles Dodgers , their 11 walks were barely good enough for a much-needed win on a day their bats did n't do much .
James Loney 's line-drive single scored the go-ahead run in the 12th inning after Pittsburgh reliever Craig Hansen walked the bases full , and the Dodgers inched closer to winning the NL West by holding off the Pirates 4 - 3 Thursday .
The Dodgers left 12 on base despite getting only six hits and withstood two Pittsburgh comebacks for their 15th victory in 18 games .
They own a 3½-game lead over Arizona , which beat San Francisco 3 - 2 .
The Dodgers ' magic number for winning the division is seven , in any combination of Los Angeles wins and Arizona losses .
Los Angeles had n't scored since the seventh until Hansen ( 1 - 4 ) -- the seventh of eight Pittsburgh pitchers -- walked Russell Martin , Manny Ramirez intentionally and Casey Blake .
Loney , a left-handed batter , then drove a one - out single into left off T. J. Beam .
Hansen recorded just one out and has walked 20 in 15 2 - 3 innings since being dealt by Boston to Pittsburgh .
Scott Proctor ( 2 - 0 ) won it with a scoreless 11th inning and Jonathan Broxton finished for his 14th save in 16 opportunities , stranding the potential tying run at third after Torre chose to intentionally walk Nate McLouth , who represented the winning run .
The Dodgers , coming off an ugly 15 - 8 loss Wednesday night in which they got 18 hits but still lost by seven runs , took a 2 - 1 lead in the fourth on a walk , Matt Kemp 's two - out double -- he has six hits in two games -- and Blake DeWitt 's two - run single to center .
Dodgers starter Clayton Kershaw was lifted after allowing one run and two hits over five innings , but former closer Takashi Saito could n't hold the lead in his second appearance since missing 53 games with an injured right elbow .
Former Dodgers infielder Andy LaRoche 's RBI single tied it at 2 .
The Dodgers , who took three of four in the series and are 23 - 7 in PNC Park , retook the lead against Paul Maholm in the seventh on three walks and Andre Ethier 's run-scoring infield single .
Ramirez flew out to left with two outs and the bases loaded .
Maholm , the Pirates ' most reliable starter , limited the Dodgers to three hits over seven innings but was hurt by wildness , walking six .
All but one Dodgers run was scored by a runner who walked .
Pittsburgh tied it again when Nyjer Morgan singled with two out in the seventh , stole second and scored on fellow rookie Luis Cruz 's single against Cory Wade .
Wade 's streak of facing 25 consecutive batters without allowing a hit ended earlier in the inning with pinch-hitter Doug Mientkiewicz 's single , but Mientkiewicz was thrown out trying to stretch the hit into a double .
In the 10th , Morgan gambled but failed to score from second on an unusual play in which Park threw to an uncovered second base on a one - out ball back to the mound and two runners on .
Second baseman DeWitt caught the ball about 10 feet behind the bag and threw to the plate for the out .
Los Angeles is 5 - 10 in extra innings and Pittsburgh -- despite being 25 games under .500 -- is 12 - 5 , with two losses in its last three .
Notes Maholm gave up more than two earned runs for only the second time in eight starts .. .. The Pirates ( 64 - 89 ) are one loss away from a fourth consecutive season with 90 or more losses and their sixth since 2000 .. .. Los Angeles went 7 - 3 on a road trip to Colorado and Pittsburgh , following each loss with a victory .
KANSAS CITY , Mo . -- Kansas City rolled through a weak part of its schedule , putting together its best run in five years .
It left the Royals feeling good about themselves , even at the end of another losing season .
Zack Greinke combined with two pitchers on a three - hitter , Mike Aviles hit a three - run homer and Kansas City routed Seattle 12 - 0 on Thursday to complete its first four - game sweep of the Mariners in 19 years .
Kansas City led 9 - 0 after four innings , roughing up Ryan Feierabend ( 1 - 4 ) en route to its first four - game sweep of the Mariners since Aug. 17 - 20 , 1989 , in Seattle .
It was the Royals ' first four - game sweep of anyone since taking a home series against Detroit from Sept. 19 - 21 , 2005 .
Kansas City had at least 10 hits ( 13 ) for the sixth time during a seven - game winning streak , its longest since opening the 2003 season 9 - 0 .
Alberto Callaspo and Alex Gordon drove in two runs apiece , and Mark Teahen had two of his three hits in Kansas City 's five - run fourth inning .
Still in last place in the AL Central , the Royals are enjoying this late-season run .
Greinke ( 12 - 10 ) has been one of the AL 's best strikeout pitchers this season and got off to a great start .
The right-hander struck out the side in the first inning , including Raul Ibanez to end it for his 500th career punchout .
Greinke added four more and did n't allow a runner past second base , giving up two hits before being replaced by Jimmy Gobble in the eighth inning .
Joel Peralta worked the ninth , stranding Wladimir Balentien at first after a leadoff single .
Seattle had just five baserunners , suffering its worst shutout loss since a 12 - 0 setback at Oakland on Sept. 21 , 2003 .
The Mariners have been shut out 11 times this season , including twice during an eight - game losing streak , and have lost 10 straight on the road after being swept in consecutive series against the Royals and Angels .
Feierabend has had trouble pitching on the road in his short major league career , dropping to 0 - 9 with a 9.00 ERA in 13 games away from Seattle .
He gave up four runs in the third on David DeJesus ' RBI single and Aviles ' first homer in 172 at-bats , a three - run shot to left .
Kansas City knocked around the left-hander again the next inning , loading the bases to set up Mitch Maier 's two - run single to right .
Feierabend was lifted after that , charged with eight runs and six hits -- the eighth straight road start he 's failed to get past the fifth inning .
PHOENIX -- The situation did n't look good for Arizona 's already slim playoff hopes .
The Los Angeles Dodgers had won in the afternoon , and the Diamondbacks were facing brilliant young Tim Lincecum , who had n't lost in two months .
Arizona defied the odds , though , beating Lincecum and the Giants 3 - 2 on Thursday night on Adam Dunn 's two - out RBI single in the eighth inning .
Conor Jackson singled with two outs and stole second to set up Dunn 's game-winning hit as the Diamondbacks swept four games from the Giants to stay 3 1/2 games behind the first-place Dodgers in the NL West with 10 to play .
The Dodgers won at Pittsburgh 4 - 3 in 12 innings .
Lincecum ( 17 - 4 ) was 6 - 0 in 10 starts since losing to Milwaukee 7 - 4 on July 20 .
He allowed three runs and six hits in his second straight complete game and second of his career .
The 24-year-old right-hander struck out six and hit a batter in his first loss in six appearances against Arizona .
The Giants are trying to help Lincecum win the Cy Young Award to brighten an otherwise difficult season .
The loss came one night after Arizona 's Brandon Webb beat San Francisco for his 21st victory .
The Diamondbacks blew a lead for Randy Johnson for the fifth time this season , again depriving the 44-year-old left-hander of his 295th career victory .
Johnson had left the clubhouse by the time it was opened to reporters after the game .
Johnson gave up a run in the first and scattered eight hits through seven innings , striking out four and walking one .
He left with a 2 - 1 lead , but Bengie Molina homered on his first pitch from reliever Juan Cruz ( 3 - 0 ) in the eighth to tie it .
Chad Qualls threw a perfect ninth for his fifth save in 13 tries .
Eugenio Velez misjudged Justin Upton 's line shot to left for a two - run triple with two outs in the sixth to give Arizona a 2 - 1 lead .
Velez took a couple of steps in then saw the ball sail over his head .
Stephen Drew started the rally with a double , then took third on Augie Ojeda 's sacrifice bunt .
Jackson was hit by a pitch , then Dunn struck out to bring Upton to the plate .
Upton somehow got the bat on the ball on a changeup that was barely off the plate .
Lincecum was equally impressed .
Upton 's hit ended Lincecum 's string of 14 scoreless innings .
He was coming off the first complete game shutout of his career , a 7 - 0 victory at San Diego .
Lincecum went down in pain when he was hit in his left hand attempting to bunt in the fifth inning .
Johnson 's pitch was inside and high and it hit the hand where Lincecum was holding the bat .
The San Francisco ace eventually got to his feet and was back on the mound when the Giants took the field .
The Giants loaded the bases with no outs in the first but managed only one run .
Randy Winn and Ivan Ochoa opened the game with singles , then Rich Aurilia walked .
Winn scored on Pablo Sandoval 's one - out sacrifice fly .
ATLANTA -- It 's too early for Pat Burrell and the Philadelphia Phillies to bring out the champagne , though a bottle of Georgia peach wine might be appropriate .
Burrell , batting below .200 since July , hit a tiebreaking two - run homer in the sixth inning and Philadelphia beat the Braves 4 - 3 on Thursday night to complete an unprecedented sweep of the nine - game season series in Atlanta .
The Phillies remained a half-game ahead of the Mets in the NL East with their season-best seventh straight win .
New York beat Washington 7 - 2 .
Philadelphia is the first team to sweep a season series longer than four games in Atlanta .
They swept three three - game series at Turner Field by a combined score of 49 - 24 .
The Braves were n't even called the Braves the last time the franchise was swept at home in a season series of as many games almost 100 years ago .
In 1909 , the Boston Doves lost all 11 home games to the Chicago Cubs .
The history did n't interest Braves manager Bobby Cox .   What difference does it make ? '' Cox asked .
The Phillies lead the season series 13 - 2 , their most wins against the Braves in a season with three games remaining in Philadelphia next week .
If the Phillies have had a weak spot during the latter part of the season it has been in left field , where Burrell hit .181 in August and .178 in September before his two hits Thursday night .
Phillies manager Charlie Manuel said he has considered giving Burrell a rest , but he noted Burrell now has 32 homers .
Burrell hit .275 with 23 homers and 57 RBIs before the All-Star break .
Cole Hamels ( 14 - 9 ) gave up six hits and two runs in six innings to improve to 3 - 0 in four starts against the Braves this season .
The left-hander is 6 - 2 against Atlanta in his career .
Burrell said he could n't explain the Phillies ' dominance of the Braves at Turner Field .
Brad Lidge pitched a perfect ninth for his 38th save , including seven against the Braves .
The Phillies took a 2 - 0 lead in the first off Mike Hampton ( 2 - 3 ) .
Jayson Werth 's triple to center drove in Chase Utley , who singled .
Werth scored on Ryan Howard 's fly ball to left .
Chipper Jones walked and scored on McCann 's double in the first , and the Braves tied the game in the second on Casey Kotchman 's first homer since he was acquired from Texas on July 29 .
Mark Teixeira , sent to the Angels in the trade , has 11 homers for Los Angeles .
The 2 - 2 tie lasted until the sixth , when Burrell hit a two - run homer , his 32nd , about 10 rows into the left-field seats .
Hampton gave up six hits and four runs , two earned , in seven innings .
The Braves scored an unearned run off Ryan Madson in the seventh .
Kelly Johnson reached on an infield single .
Jones drew his second walk and Johnson scored when shortstop Jimmy Rollins dropped McCann 's fly ball in front of Burrell in left field .
It was only Rollins ' seventh error .
MIAMI -- Although only 10 games remain , the Florida Marlins refuse to count themselves out of the postseason just yet .
John Baker drove in four runs and scored twice , leading the Florida Marlins over the fading Houston Astros 8 - 1 for their eighth straight victory .
The Marlins , who are on their longest winning streak since they won nine consecutive in 2006 , are tied with the Astros in the NL wild-card race , five games behind the leading New York Mets .
They open a three - game home series against NL East leader Philadelphia on Friday night .
The Marlins trail the Phillies by 5 1/2 games in the division race .
Houston has struggled since Hurricane Ike hit the Gulf Coast .
The Astros had won six straight and 14 of 15 before the storm , but have since dropped five straight .
Marlins starter Scott Olsen ( 8 - 10 ) allowed one run and three hits over seven innings to win his second straight start .
Florida scored twice in the second , fourth , sixth and eighth innings .
Jorge Cantu and Dan Uggla scored on Cody Ross ' double in the eighth to give the Marlins their final two runs .
Cameron Maybin , acquired in an offseason deal that sent Miguel Cabrera and Dontrelle Willis to Detroit , scored on Baker 's double in the sixth inning .
Maybin went 4 - for - 4 in his first start for Florida .
Later in the sixth , Mike Jacobs ' broken-bat single scored Baker to make it 6 - 1 .
Baker doubled off Chris Sampson in the fourth inning to drive home Maybin .
Cantu then doubled to left to score Baker and put Florida up 4 - 1 .
The Marlins took the lead for good on Baker 's bases-loaded single in the second inning , which scored Ross and Alfredo Amezaga and made it 2 - 1 .
For the second straight game , Houston 's starting pitcher made an early exit .
Alberto Arias ( 1 - 1 ) lasted just 2 2/3 innings in his second major league start , giving up two runs and five hits .
Houston starter Brandon Backe lasted just 1 2/3 innings Wednesday night .
Arias said rain that fell early in the game contributed to his problems on the mound .
Kazuo Matsui scored in the first inning off Berkman 's groundout to put the Astros up 1 - 0 .
All-Star shortstop Hanley Ramirez was out of the Marlins ' starting lineup one day after leaving Wednesday 's game with a strained left shoulder .
Maybin took Ramirez 's place batting leadoff and Amezaga moved to shortstop .
ST.
PETERSBURG , Fla. -- On a night Evan Longoria hit three home runs for Tampa Bay , an unlikely source of power upstaged the Rays ' rookie slugger .
Alexi Casilla went deep during Minnesota 's five - run ninth inning Thursday night , helping the Twins rally for an 11 - 8 victory that stopped a four - game losing streak and pulled them within 1 1/2 games of the AL Central-leading Chicago White Sox .
Casilla 's two - run drive off Dan Wheeler ( 5 - 6 ) tied it at 8 .
With two runners on , pinch-hitter Adam Everett squared to bunt , pulled his bat back and ripped an RBI double to break the tie .
Delmon Young followed with a run-scoring single and Matt Tolbert added a sacrifice fly as the AL East-leading Rays lost for just the second time in 79 games when trailing after eight innings .
Their lead in the division over Boston was trimmed to 1 1/2 games .
Longoria , who returned to the lineup last Saturday after being sidelined with a broken wrist , hit a two - run homer in Tampa Bay 's five - run first against Glen Perkins .
The All-Star third baseman added solo shots off Philip Humber in the fourth and Bobby Korecky in the seventh for an 8 - 6 lead .
Longoria joined Jonny Gomes as the only Rays to hit three home runs in a game in the club 's 11-season history .
Gomes also did it as a rookie , hitting three against Kansas City on July 30 , 2005 .   I expect us to bounce back .
We 've been doing it all along .
Win or loss , it 's pretty much 15 minutes of celebration or 15 minutes of having your head down and figuring out what you can do tomorrow to help the team . '' The Rays can clinch at least a wild-card playoff berth as early as Friday if they beat the Twins , and the White Sox , Blue Jays and Yankees all lose .
They can also ensure their first postseason berth by winning two of the remaining three games in this series .
The first-inning drive was Longoria 's first homer since Aug. 5 , two days before he fractured his wrist in Seattle .
He has 25 on the year .
Dioner Navarro and Carlos Pena also went deep as Minnesota allowed five home runs in a game for the second time in five days .
The Twins have given up a major league-high 33 home runs in September , 18 over the past five games .
Rays starter James Shields allowed six runs , five earned , and eight hits in 6 1/3 innings .
Jason Kubel hit a three - run homer and Joe Mauer went 3 - for - 4 with three RBIs for the Twins .
Mauer drove in the last two runs charged to Shields with a seventh-inning single off David Price that trimmed Tampa Bay 's lead to 7 - 6 before Longoria went deep in the bottom half .
Eddie Guardado ( 4 - 4 ) pitched a scoreless eighth for the victory , and Joe Nathan worked the ninth for his 37th save in 43 opportunities .
MIAMI -- Cecil Cooper and the Houston Astros are getting increasingly frustrated as they slip further behind in the standings .
The surging Florida Marlins are keeping close tabs on two division rivals .
Hanley Ramirez homered twice before departing with an injured shoulder , Jorge Cantu hit a grand slam and the Marlins beat the slumping Astros 14 - 2 on Wednesday night .
Hunter Pence homered twice for the Astros , who have lost four straight and fell four games back of NL wild card-leading New York .
The strain showed in Houston 's clubhouse .
Cooper 's postgame interview with reporters ended abruptly when the manager banged his hand down on a desk and told the media to get out of his office .
He later apologized .
Alfredo Amezaga went 3 - for - 4 with four RBIs for Florida , which has won seven straight to tie its longest winning streak of the season .
The third-place Marlins trail NL East-leading Philadelphia by 5 1/2 games and are five back of the Mets for the wild card .
Florida plays Houston in the series finale Thursday before opening a weekend set against the Phillies .
They end the season with a three - game series at New York .
Ricky Nolasco ( 15 - 7 ) allowed two runs and five hits over seven innings to win his fourth straight decision .
Florida scored four in the first and led 6 - 1 after three innings .
Ramirez led off the first with his 31st homer , Mike Jacobs hit a two - run single and Amezaga singled in Jacobs to put the Astros in an early hole .
Ramirez went deep again in the second and left with a strained left shoulder after striking out in the fourth .
A team spokesman said he was day to day , and Ramirez was hopeful about playing Thursday .
Cantu hit his 28th homer in the eighth , and Cameron Maybin also drove in a run with a bases-loaded walk .
Brandon Backe ( 9 - 13 ) , who missed his last start due to elbow soreness , lasted just 1 2/3 innings for Houston .
He gave up five runs and six hits in the shortest start of his career .
Pence homered off Nolasco in the second and fourth .
Houston 's other hits off Nolasco were singles .
Houston had won six in a row and 14 of 15 before Hurricane Ike hit the Texas coast on Saturday .
Officials decided to relocate a pair of home games against Chicago to Milwaukee after the storm damaged the Houston area , and the Astros have been stuck in a slump ever since .
WASHINGTON -- Over and over and over again , New York Mets manager Jerry Manuel left the dugout , made the slow trek to the mound and took the ball from his pitcher .
By the time the game was over , and Manuel 's beleaguered bullpen had given away nearly all of a six - run lead , he had used a franchise record-tying eight pitchers .
At least Manuel and his Mets could savor a victory , something suddenly scarce for them .
Carlos Beltran homered from both sides of the plate , Jose Reyes and Carlos Delgado also went deep , and New York held on to beat Washington 9 - 7 , snapping a three - game losing streak .
When his team was ahead 7 - 1 in the fourth inning , did Manuel think he could enjoy an easy night at the ballpark ?
The Mets have blown 27 save chances , including 11 in the ninth inning , and there was the potential to add to those totals against the Nationals .
Brandon Knight ( 1 - 0 ) , a 32-year-old journeyman back from the Olympics , earned his first major league victory with five solid innings -- but even he was nervous .
It took seven relievers to get the final 12 outs , the last coming when Luis Ayala , acquired from the Nationals last month , struck out pinch-hitter Roger Bernadina with a runner on to earn his eighth save .
The Mets had lost four of their previous five games to fall out of first place in the NL East .
By winning , they remained a half-game behind the division-leading Philadelphia Phillies , who beat Atlanta 6 - 1 Wednesday .
And New York retained its half-game lead over Milwaukee for the wild card .
The Brewers defeated the Cubs 6 - 2 .
Manuel was asked if this late-season stuff is fun .
Clearly in need of a victory -- and one day after Manuel held a closed-door , 15-minute team meeting -- the Mets got a big lift from a few of their high-profile players .
Reyes , Delgado and Beltran went a combined 1 - for - 22 with zero runs and two RBIs over the first two games of this series , both losses , against a Nationals club trying to avoid finishing with baseball 's worst record .
That trio was on Wednesday , going a combined 6 - for - 11 with four homers , three walks , six runs and seven RBIs .
Reyes began things by hitting Martis ' fifth pitch over the out-of-town video scoreboard for his 15th homer this season , third leading off a game .