He added a second in the seventh inning and has 14 on the season .
The Tigers got on the board in the fifth on Raburn 's run-scoring double and Brandon Inge 's RBI single , and scored two more on Renteria 's ninth-inning home run .
Grady Sizemore , a night after becoming the 14th American League player to join the 30 - 30 club , went 0 - for - 4 .
ANAHEIM , Calif. ( AP ) -- John Lackey saved the Los Angeles Angels ' bullpen for a night .
That was n't nearly as important as Torii Hunter 's helmet saving the Gold Glove center fielder from a serious head injury .
Lackey came within two outs of his first shutout of the season , and Hunter was 3 - for - 4 with an RBI double as the runaway AL West leaders beat the Oakland Athletics 5 - 1 on Tuesday night .
Hunter , who came in 0 - for - 9 against rookie left-hander Greg Smith , had a hit in each of his first three plate appearances .
His run-scoring double came during a four - run third that enabled the Angels to grab a 4 - 0 lead , and they survived a scare during the rally when Hunter was struck in the back of the head by a thrown ball .
Mark Teixeira drove in the first run with a single , was held at third on Hunter 's double and scored on Juan Rivera 's sacrifice fly .
Right fielder Carlos Gonzalez 's throw toward the plate was cut off by first baseman Daric Barton , who tried to get Hunter at third and got him on the back of the helmet as he slid into the bag .   I was a little dizzy , but it was just for a minute .
My shoulder kind of spasmed up as the game went on and I was a little tight .
But it 's nothing a little rub wo n't help , and we 'll have the trainers knock it out tomorrow .
But I 've been there before .
I 've hit plenty of walls and poles in my life , so I 'll be ready to go tomorrow . '' Manager Mike Scioscia and longtime trainer Ned Bergert came out to check on Hunter .   Ned asked me'Where are you ? ' and I told him I was in Minnesota , '' the former Twins All-Star joked .   He was just asking me what day it was and different things like that .
Then he put his finger up and told me to follow it , and I told him I do n't want my brothers to see me doing this because they 'll talk about me .
Then he started laughing and he knew I was all right . '' The Angels were already short two outfielders , with Vladimir Guerrero getting his second straight day off under Scioscia 's insistence , and Garret Anderson resting his sore left knee .
Hunter scored on a single by Gary Matthews Jr. that capped the rally , and Howie Kendrick made it 5 - 0 in the fourth with an RBI single after a leadoff double by Mike Napoli .
Lackey ( 11 - 2 ) gave up seven hits and struck out five without a walk , lowering his ERA from 3.09 to 2.95 .
He lost the shutout bid on Jack Cust 's 23rd homer .
The Angels ' ace , who led the AL with a 3.01 ERA last year before strained triceps sidelined him for the first 41 games this season , improved his career record against Oakland to 14 - 3 and won his 10th straight decision against AL West teams .
The complete game was his third this season , and he did it with 98 pitches , 73 for strikes .
Cust acknowledged it was an uphill battle all night against Lackey , even though the A 's were retired in order only twice .
Smith ( 6 - 13 ) gave up five runs and a career-worst 10 hits over six innings , slipping to 1 - 3 against the division-leading Angels this season .
The rookie left-hander , who beat the 6 - 1 on June 30 at Anaheim with a four - hitter for his first complete game victory in the majors , is 1 - 7 with a 4.72 ERA in his 10 starts since .
KANSAS CITY , Mo .
( AP ) -- Kevin Millwood did n't get much help from the Texas Rangers ' offense .
Kansas City 's defense gave Millwood the run support he needed .
Millwood pitched his second straight complete game and the Rangers scored two unearned runs in a 2 - 1 win Tuesday night .
Throwing errors by Miguel Olivo and Mike Aviles led to the Rangers ' runs .
The Rangers went 1 - for - 15 with runners in scoring position , stranded 10 runners and grounded into a double play .
With the score tied at 1 , Milton Bradley led off the Rangers ' eighth with a walk and Brandon Boggs ran for him .
Hank Blalock reached on an infield single , and when Olivo 's errant throw to first went down the right-field line , Boggs scored from first .
Said Olivo ,   I think I went too quick .
I go full speed and I threw the ball and try to make a play .
I did not see [ Ross ] Gload on first base and I just let it go . '' Millwood ( 8 - 7 ) , who pitched a complete game in defeating Detroit in his previous start , held the Royals to nine hits , eight of them singles , while striking out two and walking none .
Millwood , 2 - 0 in three starts against the Royals this season , tossed his third complete game of the season and the 17th of his career .   I feel my mechanics are as good or better than it has been all year .
I 've got a little bit of confidence working and that 's huge . '' The Rangers traded closer Eddie Guardado to the Twins on Monday , giving the job to Frank Francisco , who has never saved a major league game .
In a tight one , Washington elected to stay with Millwood .
The Royals threatened in the ninth with singles by Billy Butler and Olivo , who had three hits .
Millwood , however , retired pinch hitter Esteban German on a fielder 's choice grounder to shortstop Young to end the game .
The Royals have lost 16 of 19 and have been outscored 123 - 54 in that span to fall a season-worst 20 games below .500 .
Ramon Ramirez ( 2 - 2 ) , the second of three Kansas City pitchers , took the loss , giving up the unearned run and three hits in two innings .
Royals starter Zack Greinke , who is 0 - 2 with two no-decisions since an Aug. 3 victory over Chicago , held the Rangers to one unearned run and four hits before departing after six innings .
Joaquin Arias led off the game by reaching on Aviles ' throwing error and eventually scored on Bradley 's sacrifice fly scored Arias .
The Royals got on the board in the fifth when Olivo 's two - out double to left scored Butler , who had singled .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) -- The struggling Los Angeles Dodgers twice hit the ball to Ryan Zimmerman with the bases loaded and nobody out .
That 's a surefire way to kill a potential big inning .
The Washington Nationals third baseman put on a defensive show Tuesday night , turning four double plays and just a missing a fifth .
His defense sparked a 2 - 1 victory that extended the Dodgers ' skid to five games , matching their season-high .   We probably should try to stay away from him tomorrow , '' deadpanned Dodgers catcher Russell Martin , whose grounder to Zimmerman turned into a 5 - 4 - 4 double play that ended the eighth inning .   That would be a good idea . '' The Dodgers have lost seven of eight and are 0 - 5 midway through a 10-game road trip .
They have dropped a season-high seven straight road games and have fallen two games below .500 in their faltering pursuit of the Arizona Diamondbacks in the NL West .
The offense , which has scored just 15 runs in the last eight games , was the culprit once again .
Derek Lowe ( 10 - 11 ) took the loss despite allowing only six hits in an eight - inning complete game .
Lastings Milledge hit his 13th home run and made a diving catch in center field to rob Jeff Kent in the seventh inning for the Nationals , but he and winning pitcher Collin Balester ( 3 - 6 ) were mere subplots to Zimmerman , who was just warming up when he started 5 - 4 - 4 double plays in the second and third innings .
In the fifth , with the bases occupied by bottom-of-the-order Dodgers who had reached via two hit batters and a walk , Zimmerman darted left for a sharp grounder hit down the line by leadoff hitter Matt Kemp .
In one motion , Zimmerman backhanded the ball , stepped on third and threw home for what should have been a double play .
However , catcher Jesus Flores thought the play at home was a forceout , so he tagged the base instead of the runner , Nomar Garciaparra , who scored the Dodgers ' only run .
Balester then retired Andre Ethier and Kent to end the threat .
In the next inning , Zimmerman made up for an overeager error with another sharp play .
The miscue came with runners on first and second and none out , when he short-hopped a grounder and whipped a throw that pulled second baseman Emilio Bonifacio off the bag .
That left the bases loaded and nobody out for the second straight inning .
This time , Zimmerman rescued his team with an unassisted double play , snagging Garciaparra 's line drive and stepping on third just in time to double off Manny Ramirez .
Marco Estrada , who had relieved Balester earlier in the inning , then struck out Lowe to end the inning .
Balester allowed only one run and five hits in five - plus innings .
Estrada , Steven Shell , Saul Rivera and Joel Hanrahan shut out the Dodgers the rest of the way , with Hanrahan getting his fifth save despite allowing back-to-back singles with one out in the ninth .
The Nationals , opening a nine - game homestand , won for only the third time in 17 games and broke a six - game home losing streak .
They had also lost six straight to the Dodgers and had been 0 - 5 all-time vs. Lowe .
Zimmerman 's final double play came on Russell 's grounder in the eighth .
His four double plays doubled his career high for one game .
HOUSTON ( AP ) -- Ryan Hanigan wanted to make sure baseball 's instant replay system would n't start for a few more days .
Hanigan hit a solo homer that would have probably drawn a review in a few days and Bronson Arroyo pitched Cincinnati 's first complete game of the season in the Reds ' 2 - 1 win over the Houston Astros .
Hanigan broke the tie in the eighth with a one - out homer off Geoff Geary that bounced off the facade in left center , just above the yellow line .
Second-base umpire Ted Barrett made the home run signal and Houston manager Cecil Cooper came out to talk to him .
Baseball announced Tuesday it will start using video to clarify  boundary calls , '' including whether fly balls went over the fence , but the system wo n't start until Thursday .   It 's not in place tonight , right ? '' Hanigan asked .   They called it a home run at first , so I did n't think they were going to change it .
But , hey , if those are the rules , those are the rules you play by . '' All Cooper could do was protest to no avail .
He is a proponent of the new system .
Arroyo ( 12 - 10 ) allowed five hits and struck out three for his first complete game since May 16 , 2007 .
Arroyo snapped a four - game losing streak to Houston when Lance Berkman flied out to center for the last out .
Berkman came into the game with a .324 average against Arroyo , but went 1 - for - 4 with a single and a strikeout .
The Reds were the last team without a complete game this season , a distinction that had started to nag Arroyo and the other starters .
Geary ( 2 - 3 ) relieved Houston starter Wandy Rodriguez , who had a career-high 10 strikeouts and allowed three hits over seven innings .
Both starters breezed through the first three innings without allowing a hit .
Rodriguez struck out four and Arroyo two .
Chris Dickerson got the game 's first hit when he led off the fourth with a single up the middle .
Jeff Keppinger lined Rodriguez 's next pitch into the left-field corner for a double .
With Houston 's infield in , Brandon Phillips hit a hard grounder to first that Berkman dived to stop .
Berkman beat Phillips to the base , but Dickerson scored to put the Reds up 1 - 0 .
Miguel Tejada singled with one out in the Houston fourth .
Berkman struck out on a 3 - 2 pitch and Hanigan threw out Tejada trying to steal second for a double play .
Mark Loretta led off the Houston fifth with a single to left and Hunter Pence walked .
Both advanced on David Newhan 's groundout and Loretta scored on Brad Ausmus ' groundout to tie the game 1 - 1 .
Rodriguez struck out Phillips looking leading off the seventh .
Joey Votto singled to right , but Rodriguez fanned Edwin Encarnacion for his ninth strikeout , tying his career high .
Jay Bruce then swung and missed at a curveball , striking out for the third time .
Berkman blooped a single to left leading off the seventh .
Phillips then made a diving stop on Loretta 's grounder and flipped to Keppinger , the shortstop , for the force at second .
Pence then grounded into a double play , the Reds ' third of the game .
Hanigan 's second homer of the season was only the third allowed by Geary in 58 innings this season .
The Reds beat the Astros for just the second time in 10 meetings this season .
SAN FRANCISCO ( AP ) -- Jorge De La Rosa was in trouble from the start , so much so that Colorado Rockies manager Clint Hurdle had to turn away .
De La Rosa worked through his early problems and stuck around long enough to pitch six effective innings and help the Rockies beat the San Francisco Giants 7 - 2 on Tuesday night .
Chris Iannetta , Garrett Atkins and Troy Tulowitzki drove in two runs each to lead surging Colorado to its ninth win in 11 games .
The Rockies , who made an impressive late-season charge to win the NL West last season , pulled within six games of first-place Arizona and is only three games behind Los Angeles for second place .
It 's the closest the Rockies have been to the Diamondbacks since July 28 .
De La Rosa ( 7 - 7 ) allowed two runs and five hits to win for the fourth time in his last six decisions .
The left-hander struggled with his command but got plenty of help from the defense and some timely hitting from his teammates .
Brad Hawpe added two hits for Colorado , which handed San Francisco its second straight loss after a season-high five - game winning streak .
The Rockies scored four runs in the third off Matt Palmer ( 0 - 2 ) , who was making his third career start .
Atkins and Ianetta delivered two - run singles in the inning when Colorado batted around to break the game open .
Palmer lasted only 4 1/3 innings and gave up five runs with six walks .
After the game the Giants optioned the right-hander to Triple-A Fresno and recalled righty Osiris Matos .
Tulowitzki 's sacrifice fly in the fifth made it 5 - 2 and the Rockies added two runs in the seventh off reliever Jack Taschner .
Rich Aurilia had three hits and scored both runs for the Giants , who had won five straight and eight of 10 before dropping the first two games of the series with Colorado .
De La Rosa rebounded from a loss in his last start to complete what has been a stellar month .
In six games during August , including two relief appearances , De La Rosa is 2 - 1 with a 2.22 ERA .
He walked the first two batters he faced in the first inning against San Francisco and gave up two doubles and another walk in the second before settling down .
Jason Grilli pitched three perfect innings to earn his first career save .
The Rockies needed the strong outing from their starter after placing closer Brian Fuentes on the bereavement list earlier Tuesday .
Fuentes notched his 26th save against the Giants on Monday but left the team to be with his family .
Fuentes can stay on the bereavement list three to seven days but Hurdle is not putting a timetable on Fuentes ' return .
Right-hander Manuel Corpas , who has four saves in 11 tries , will handle the closing duties until Fuentes returns .
ANAHEIM , Calif. ( AP ) -- Dallas Braden , batterymate Kurt Suzuki and left fielder Jack Cust made sure the Los Angeles Angels did n't run the Oakland Athletics out of the ballpark with their aggressive game .
Braden picked off Chone Figgins in the first inning , Suzuki threw out the Angels ' career base stealer in the third and Cust cut down a runner going from first to third -- the Angels ' specialty -- in a 2 - 1 victory over the AL West leaders on Monday night .
The Angels , 54 - 11 when they score first , sent four batters to the plate in the opening inning and three of them had hits -- but they still came up empty .
Figgins led off with a single , but Braden recorded his fourth pickoff before throwing his next pitch .
It was the 26th pickoff by the Oakland staff , which leads the majors .
Rookie Greg Smith , Tuesday night 's scheduled starter , has 14 of them .
Erick Aybar singled after the pickoff , then tried to advance to third on Torii Hunter 's two - out single to left and was thrown out by Cust .
Angels base runners have gone from first to third on a single 90 times , a major league high .
Angels manager Mike Scioscia said Aybar 's hesitation rounding second base is what ultimately cost him .
The Angels ran themselves into another out in the third , when Figgins attempted to steal second and was thrown out for the 10th time in 35 attempts this season .
Braden ( 4 - 3 ) allowed a run and seven hits over seven innings without recording a strikeout or walk .
The 25-year-old left-hander , who made his first nine appearances this season in relief before going to Triple-A Sacramento , is 3 - 3 in seven outings since being inserted back into the rotation on July 22 .
Last year , he was 0 - 8 with a 7.91 ERA over his final 13 starts after beating Baltimore in his big league debut .
Brad Ziegler followed Joey Devine out of the bullpen and pitched a hitless ninth for his fifth save in five chances .
The rookie right-hander has allowed only two runs in 45 innings .
Jered Weaver ( 10 - 10 ) allowed two runs and three hits in seven innings and struck out eight .
Daric Barton homered in the third , giving the A 's a 1 - 0 lead .
Frank Thomas scored Oakland 's second run on a wild pitch in the fourth after drawing his second walk and advancing on a double by Jack Hannahan .
Mike Napoli hit his 14th homer on Braden 's first pitch of the sixth .
Napoli is 9 - for - 41 against Oakland pitching since the start of last season , and six of his hits have been home runs .
PITTSBURGH ( AP ) -- A day after cautioning his team that this is no time to sit around , Chicago Cubs manager Lou Piniella got plenty of production up and down his lineup .
What he liked most was that much of it came from his new prize pupil , Kosuke Fukudome .
Aramis Ramirez homered and drove in three runs and the Cubs improved baseball 's best record by again beating the team they torment the most , defeating the Pittsburgh Pirates 12 - 3 Monday night .
Two slumping hitters , Jim Edmonds and Fukudome , also had big games as the Cubs improved to 81 - 50 -- the first time they 've been 31 games above .500 since they ended the 1984 season 96 - 65 .
The Cubs are 12 - 4 against the Pirates , who dropped into a tie with idle Cincinnati for the worst record in the NL Central .
Fukudome , hitting .161 in August when the game began , drove in four runs with a sacrifice fly , a two - run single during a five - run fifth inning that made it 10 - 1 and an RBI double .
He has six RBIs in five at-bats in two games following a pregame hitting session Sunday with Piniella , a .291 career hitter during his lengthy major league career .
The Cubs , winners of 23 of 31 , did n't need nearly that much offense to back Ted Lilly 's seven effective innings .
The left-hander gave up homers to Brandon Moss and Adam LaRoche but still dealt the Pirates their fifth consecutive loss and ninth in 11 games .
Edmonds added three extra-base hits , a triple and two doubles , after going 0 - for - 17 over his previous seven games .
He hit his second triple of the season and scored on Fukudome 's sacrifice fly in the second against Jeff Karstens ( 2 - 3 ) , who was pulled after allowing five runs and six hits over three innings .
In his first start after being traded by the Yankees to the Pirates last month , Karstens shut out the Cubs over six innings at Wrigley Field on Aug. 1 .
He did n't make it to the fourth inning this time , needing 35 pitches to get through the four - run third .
Ramirez 's three - run homer in the third was his 23rd and it put the Cubs ahead 5 - 0 .
Fukudome 's two - run single came during a five - run fifth against reliever Jason Davis .
Lilly ( 13 - 7 ) struck out seven and walked one in the Cubs ' 11th victory in their last 12 road games .
Chicago has won 15 of its last 19 against Pittsburgh .
The Pirates are 7 - 16 since trading left fielder Jason Bay to Boston on July 31 , a week after sending right fielder Xavier Nady to the Yankees .
Since the Bay trade cost them their most productive offensive player , the Pirates have scored more than five runs only twice and have been held to three runs or fewer 15 times .
Maybe the schedule has something to do with the Pirates ' latest late-season slide , one that has left them eight losses from a major league record-tying 16th consecutive losing season .
They are playing all but three games this month against winning teams .
BALTIMORE ( AP ) -- Down by a run in the 14th inning , Chicago manager Ozzie Guillen called for a bunt to put the tying run in scoring position .
Strange thing was , the White Sox were playing the role of the home team in Baltimore .
Lou Montanez singled in the tiebreaking run in the top of the 14th , and the Baltimore Orioles beat Chicago 4 - 3 Monday night in the conclusion of a game suspended after 11 innings by rain on April 28 .
With the score 3-all in the finale of a four - game series in Chicago , play was stopped with the infield unplayable .
It was the Orioles ' final scheduled visit , so baseball officials ruled that the game would be completed in Baltimore .
After the Orioles scored in the 14th , Paul Konerko drew a leadoff walk from Rocky Cherry and A. J. Pierzynski struck out after trying to lay down a sacrifice .
The White Sox loaded the bases with two outs in the 14th after Orioles manager Dave Trembley ordered an intentional walk to pinch-hitter Ken Griffey Jr. , even though it put the potential winning run in scoring position .   The guy 's going into the Hall of Fame , '' Trembley reasoned .
The strategy paid off when pinch-hitter Jermaine Dye popped out .
Nick Markakis led off the 14th with a single off Horacio Ramirez ( 1 - 3 ) .
After a single by Kevin Millar , a sacrifice and an intentional walk loaded the bases , Montanez greeted D. J. Carrasco with a soft single to center .
Alberto Castillo ( 1 - 0 ) got the final out in the 13th to earn his first major league victory , and Cherry picked up his first big league save .
Neither Castillo nor Cherry was on Baltimore 's roster when the game began in April .
When play resumed Monday , the White Sox took the field as the home team to a smattering of cheers from Chicago fans in the small crowd .
Lance Cormier , who started the 12th for the Orioles , was playing for Triple-A Norfolk in April .
The White Sox went with Ramirez , who was in Kansas City 's minor league system when the game began .
Back in April , Ramon Hernandez gave Baltimore the lead in the top of the 11th with a homer off Scott Linebrink , but Juan Uribe countered in the bottom half with a drive off George Sherrill .
Both rosters changed significantly since the day the game started .
Both managers were allowed to insert newcomers into the lineup , but those removed from play were not allowed to return .
For instance , Baltimore was forced to play without Aubrey Huff , who was ejected in the 10th inning for arguing a play at first base .
The Orioles resumed the game with no bench players because Alex Cintron replaced Huff at DH , Juan Castro took over for departed shortstop Brandon Fahey , and Montanez subbed for center fielder Adam Jones , who is on the disabled list .
SAN FRANCISCO ( AP ) -- Troy Tulowitzki does n't want his Colorado teammates to start thinking about the playoffs just yet .
But the Rockies ' shortstop does n't mind a little daydreaming every now and then .
Jeff Francis earned his first victory in more than two months , Yorvit Torrealba homered and Colorado won for the eighth time in 10 games , beating the San Francisco Giants 4 - 2 on Monday night .
Colorado is doing just that .
The Rockies , who stormed into the postseason in 2007 by winning 14 of their final 15 games , are trying to make a late push once again after stumbling through the first three months of the season .
Colorado pulled within seven games of Arizona in the NL West with 29 games remaining , six of them against the Diamondbacks .
Francis ( 4 - 8 ) was winless in his last five starts but maintained his recent domination of the Giants by allowing seven hits over seven innings and repeatedly pitching his way out of trouble after giving up two runs in the first inning .
The Rockies ' left-hander , who has won his last four starts against San Francisco , worked out of bases-loaded jam with no outs in the third and benefited from a pair of double plays .
Tulowitzki had two hits and an RBI , and Ian Stewart and Garrett Atkins had two hits each for Colorado , which won its third straight and is 23 - 14 since the All-Star break .
Only the Brewers , Cubs and Devil Rays have been better during that stretch .
Randy Winn went 3 - for - 4 for San Francisco , which had its season-high five - game winning streak snapped .
It was only the Giants ' second loss in their last nine games against teams within their own division .
San Francisco starter Matt Cain ( 8 - 10 ) had not lost in his previous four starts but ran into trouble early when Torrealba homered in the second after Stewart 's leadoff single .
It was the second home run given up by Cain in his last two starts after the San Francisco righty had previously gone 13 straight outings without allowing one .
The Rockies scored the go-ahead run when Omar Quintanilla drew a one - out walk off Cain in the fourth and scored on Tulowitzki 's triple to right-center .
Pinch-hitter Jeff Baker added an insurance run with a sacrifice fly in the eighth .
That was enough for Francis , who made the lead stand up for his first win since June 18 .
He was on the disabled list from July 2 to Aug. 6 because of inflammation in his left shoulder .
Manuel Corpas pitched a scoreless eighth and Brian Fuentes pitched a perfect ninth for his 26th save in 30 chances .