And that still was n't enough .
Things did n't look so bad in the Rangers clubhouse , even though the 22 hits were the most they 've ever allowed in a victory .
Texas countered with 17 hits .
Marlon Byrd hit a tiebreaking RBI double in the seventh that finally put Texas ahead to stay .
Jermaine Dye went 4 - for - 5 , with a homer in the eighth and a two - run single in the ninth , and five other White Sox players had three hits .
All-Star outfielder Carlos Quentin also homered .
Chicago scored three times in the ninth against closer C. J. Wilson before Jim Thome and Paul Konerko both took called third strikes to end the game .
Bradley , the AL starting designated hitter in place of injured David Ortiz , matched a career high with his 19th homer and had an RBI single .
Josh Hamilton , leading the majors with 95 RBIs and voted an All-Star starter , was 0 - for - 4 and saw the end of his streak of eight straight games driving in a run , the last five being multi-RBI games .
Thome had two doubles and has reached base in 28 straight games against Texas -- 16 - for - 27 over the last nine .
His RBI double in the third put Chicago ahead 5 - 4 .
But Bradley led off the bottom of the third with a homer that ricocheted off the pole down the right-field line before RBI singles by Max Ramirez and Kinsler .
That hit for Kinsler , already his third in the game , put the Rangers up 7 - 5 .
The AL 's leading hitter ( .337 ) had doubles in each of the first two innings , increasing his majors-leading total to 34 .
Some fans chanted  M-V-P ! , M-V-P ! '' when Kinsler came to the plate later in the game .
David Murphy led off Texas ' big seventh with a single .
Boone Logan ( 2 - 2 ) had him picked off but Murphy took off for second and reached third on first baseman Konerko 's wild throw into the outfield .
Byrd then lined a double into the left-field corner for an 8 - 7 lead .
Adam Russell hit Kinsler , an AL reserve for his first All-Star appearance , with a pitch to load the bases before Young 's two - run single extended his hitting streak .
Young also hit in 23 straight earlier this season , longest in the majors until Kinsler passed him .
Ramirez 's third run-scoring hit was an RBI single in the eighth that pushed Texas ahead 12 - 8 , which was just enough .
Jamey Wright ( 6 - 4 ) , the third of five Rangers pitchers , allowed a run over 1 2/3 innings .
After a quick groundout and an infield single on the first two pitches by rookie left-hander Matt Harrison , Quentin hit his 21st homer .
Dye walked and scored on a grounder to make it 3 - 0 .
Chicago 's Juan Uribe , playing for resting All-Star third baseman Joe Crede , tripled and scored on Orlando Cabrera 's single in the second .
Uribe 's ball hit on top of the 14-foot wall in left field , bounced straight up and then fell back into play .
DETROIT ( AP ) -- Justin Verlander knew it was a big game , and he was n't about to let his teammates down .
Verlander tossed seven sharp innings and the Detroit Tigers beat the Minnesota Twins 4 - 2 Sunday , denying their AL Central rivals a four - game sweep in the final series before the All-Star break .
Manager Jim Leyland had avoided calling the game a must-win for the Tigers , and stuck with that line of thought after the victory .
Verlander ( 7 - 9 ) allowed two runs and four hits , struck out eight and walked two .
He has n't allowed more than two earned runs during his unbeaten streak , lowering his ERA from 5.05 to 4.15 .
Clete Thomas hit his first major league homer for the Tigers , who had lost 10 of their last 12 games to the Twins .
Miguel Cabrera put Detroit ahead 3 - 2 with a run-scoring groundout in the fifth and Matt Joyce hit his ninth homer in the eighth .
Thomas ' second-inning drive off Nick Blackburn ( 7 - 5 ) gave the Tigers a 2 - 0 lead and came after a disputed call allowed Marcus Thames to reach .
Thames hit a one - out grounder to third baseman Brian Buscher , and first base umpire Jim Wolf ruled Buscher 's throw pulled Justin Morneau off the bag .
After Morneau and manager Ron Gardenhire argued , all four umpires conferred , but the call stood even though replays showed Morneau was still touching the base when he caught the throw .   He did n't throw the next pitch over the fence . '' Blackburn ( 7 - 5 ) allowed three runs , two earned , and five hits in seven innings .
The Twins did n't have a hit until Alexi Casilla led off the fourth with a single .
Joe Mauer grounded into a fielder 's choice but Morneau doubled to put runners on second and third .
Mauer scored on Verlander 's wild pitch and Brendan Harris singled in Morneau to tie it at 2 .
Harris has five RBIs in the last two games .
Joel Zumaya worked the eighth and Todd Jones got three outs for his 17th save in 19 tries .
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- Jerry Manuel insisted that the All-Star break was coming at a good time for the Mets .
A chance to rest a tired bullpen and maybe get some banged up guys back .
Then Carlos Beltran hit a three - run homer Sunday night , Mike Pelfrey dominated over eight innings and New York pounded the Colorado Rockies 7 - 0 for a ninth straight win .
Care to reconsider ?
The Mets were 5½ games back in the NL East on July 4 .
But after a tumultuous first half that included Manuel replacing the fired Willie Randolph , they 'll resume play Thursday at Cincinnati trailing division-leading Philadelphia by just a half-game .
New York 's nine - game run is its best since April 16 - 25 , 2000 .
A big reason is pitching .
The Mets have allowed just four runs over their last six games , capped by Pelfrey 's sixth straight win and second straight shutout .
Mixing a four - seam fastball with a sharp sinker , Pelfrey ( 8 - 6 ) allowed only six hits and did n't walk a batter for the second consecutive game .
The big right-hander began laboring in the eighth , though , putting runners on first and second with two outs .
But with the crowd chanting his name , Pelfrey got Scott Podsednik to pop out to third base .
Joe Smith worked the ninth to run the streak of scoreless innings by Mets relievers to 19 1/3 .
Still , the seven hits by Colorado snapped New York 's string of allowing three or fewer in a record five straight games .
While the Mets sure seem as if they 'd rather be playing Monday , the Rockies looked as if they were already on a break .
They 've lost four straight and 11 of 13 on the road .
Making his third start since replacing the injured Jeff Francis in the rotation , Mark Redman ( 2 - 5 ) ran into trouble from the start .
Nick Evans got aboard with a one - out base hit , David Wright followed with a walk and Beltran drove a 1 - 2 pitch an estimated 415 feet to left field for a 3 - 0 lead in the first .
Jose Reyes added a run-scoring single in the second and Evans a sacrifice fly in the fourth , driving Redman from the game after five runs and eight hits in 3 1/3 innings .
Carlos Delgado added a two - run homer in the fifth , but by then the Rockies were already on their way to finishing the first half 39 - 57 .
It 's the third-worst record at the All-Star break for a team coming off a World Series appearance in a non-strike year , according to the Elias Sports Bureau .
The 1998 Marlins were 32 - 55 at the break and the ' 79 Dodgers were 36 - 57 .
Colorado 's best chance to score came in the fourth when Matt Holliday and Brad Hawpe hit consecutive one - out singles .
Garrett Atkins dribbled a grounder to third baseman Wright , who threw to Damion Easley at second to start a double play .
Easley had trouble fielding the low throw but still got it to Delgado at first in time for the out .
Hurdle came out to question whether Easley was pulled off the bag , which would have allowed a run to score , but umpire Chuck Meriwether promptly sent the manager back to the dugout with little argument .
CLEVELAND ( AP ) -- The All-Star break could n't come at a better time for the Tampa Bay Rays .
The Rays hope to rest , regroup , then resume baseball 's feel-good story after finishing the first half on a sour note .
Jhonny Peralta drove in three runs and the Cleveland Indians beat Scott Kazmir and Tampa Bay 5 - 2 Sunday , handing the Rays their season- worst seventh straight loss and dropping them out of first in the AL East .
The Rays ' skid is their longest since an eight - game losing streak last July .
They had won seven in a row to open a five - game lead last Monday .
The Indians entered the series having lost 10 straight , their worst streak since 1979 , but outscored the Rays 31 - 8 to extend their home winning streak over Tampa Bay to 13 .
The Rays have not won in Cleveland since Sept. 29 , 2005 , and dropped 18 of the last 20 meetings overall .
The Rays , who fell a half-game behind Boston for the division lead , went hitless after the third inning against Indians starter Jeremy Sowers and four relievers .
Peralta 's two - run homer off Kazmir ( 7 - 5 ) in the fifth gave Cleveland a 4 - 2 lead .
Tom Mastny ( 1 - 2 ) pitched two perfect innings to earn the win and Masa Kobayashi , the Indians ' fifth pitcher , worked the ninth for his fifth save .
After Sowers issued a pair of one - out walks in the fourth , he struck out B. J. Upton and Carlos Pena to start a string of the final 17 Tampa Bay batters going down in order .
Tampa Bay took a 1 - 0 lead in the second despite not putting a ball in play .
Sowers walked four , committed a balk , and struck out the side during a strange 41-pitch inning that included Indians manager Eric Wedge 's ejection by plate umpire Kerwin Danley .
After fanning All-Star Evan Longoria , Sowers walked Jonny Gomes .
With an 0 - 2 count on Shawn Riggans , Gomes broke for second as Sowers threw to first and Danley ruled the left-hander balked .
Wedge yelled from the dugout in protest .
After Gomes stole third and Riggans also walked , Wedge questioned Danley 's strike zone , too , and was tossed for the third time this season .
Sowers fanned Ben Zobrist , then walked both Gabe Gross and Akinori Iwamura to force in a run .
Riggans ' RBI single in the third made it 2 - 0 but Cleveland tied it in the bottom half .
Franklin Gutierrez singled off Longoria 's glove at third , took third on Jamey Carroll 's one - out single , and scored on Ben Francisco 's base hit to right .
Peralta drove in Carroll with a sacrifice fly .
All-Star Grady Sizemore opened the Indians ' fifth with a walk and scored on Peralta 's two - out homer , the shortstop 's 16th of the season and fourth in seven games .
Andy Marte made it 5 - 2 with a leadoff homer in the sixth .
Sowers had the oddest outing of his young career .
The left-hander gave up three hits and two runs over four innings , setting career highs of seven walks and eight strikeouts .
In his first 196 innings in the majors , the first-round pick in the 2004 draft had only 53 walks and 77 strikeouts .
Kazmir , one of Tampa Bay 's three All-Stars , gave up five runs and eight hits over six innings , dropping to 1 - 4 in his last seven starts since June 11 following a six - game winning streak .
CHICAGO ( AP ) -- Tim Lincecum was the first pitcher to upstage Ryan Dempster at Wrigley Field this season .
Lincecum tossed eight strong innings in a matchup of All-Star pitchers , handing Dempster his first home loss and leading the San Francisco Giants to a 4 - 2 victory over the Chicago Cubs on Sunday .
Dempster ( 10 - 4 ) , one of eight Cubs selected for Tuesday 's game at Yankee Stadium , entered with a 10 - 0 record in 11 home starts this season , but was overshadowed by another brilliant start by Lincecum ( 11 - 2 ) .
The 24-year-old right-hander struck out nine , allowed one runs and six hits and also drove in a run with his first career triple .
Ray Durham hit a two - run single in the third and Fred Lewis tripled in a run in the seventh for San Francisco , which ended a six - game losing streak .
Brian Wilson survived a shaky ninth inning to record his National League-leading 25th save .
The closer yielded an RBI single to fellow All-Star Geovany Soto but bounced back to strike out pinch-hitter Daryle Ward and coax Ryan Theriot into a game-ending groundout with a runner on third .
The NL Central-leading Cubs finished a 4 - 2 homestand and head into the All-Star break with a 37 - 12 record at Wrigley Field , despite injuries to key players like Alfonso Soriano and Carlos Zambrano .   Let 's hope we do just as well or better in the second half and we will just be fine . '' The bottom of the Giants order hurt Dempster in the third inning .
With one out , Omar Vizquel broke an 0 - for - 11 skid with a single to center and stole second .
Lincecum followed with a hard liner to right fielder Mark DeRosa , who charged the ball but could n't get in front of it .
Lincecum 's drive rolled all the way to the wall , easily scoring Vizquel .
Durham added a two - out , two - run single later in the inning to give the Giants a 3 - 0 lead .
Dempster ( 10 - 4 ) allowed four runs and seven hits in 6 2/3 innings .
He struck out six and walked two .
Before the game , Carlos Marmol became the eighth Cubs player on the NL All-Star team when the reliever was selected to replace injured teammate Kerry Wood .
Chicago tied the NL record , becoming the fourth team to send eight players to the game .
Before this year , the most All-Stars for the Cubs was six in 1936 and 1988 .
Outfielder Soriano ( broken hand ) , who was voted to the starting lineup , will miss the game because of a broken hand .
MILWAUKEE ( AP ) -- CC Sabathia 's first week with the Milwaukee Brewers can be summed up with one key stat : Two starts , two wins .
Sabathia homered in his first National League complete game to help Milwaukee avoid a sweep with a 3 - 2 victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Sunday .
Sabathia went deep off Reds starter Homer Bailey in the third , his third career home run and second this season .
Sabathia became the first pitcher to hit home runs in both leagues in one season since Earl Wilson did it in 1970 for Detroit and San Diego , according to the Elias Sports Bureau .
After allowing run-scoring sacrifice flies to David Ross in the second and Adam Dunn in the third , Sabathia ( 2 - 0 ) shut down Cincinnati , striking out nine batters , all from the fourth inning on .
He struck out the side in the ninth .
Manager Ned Yost left Sabathia in for the ninth despite his high pitch count .
Sabathia ended up throwing 122 pitches , 82 for strikes .
Dunn said that even though the Reds had faced Sabathia in the past , it did n't make batting against him any easier .
Sabathia improved to 4 - 0 in nine starts against Cincinnati .
He beat them 6 - 0 on June 27 at Progressive Field .
The Brewers ( 52 - 43 ) head into the All-Star break in third place NL Central , five games behind Chicago and a half-game behind St. Louis .
The game was tied at 2 in the ninth when pinch-hitter Craig Counsell hit a game-winning sacrifice fly to help the Brewers avoid being a three - game sweep to end the first half of the season .
Bill Hall led off the bottom of the ninth with a single off David Weathers ( 2 - 5 ) .
Mike Cameron dropped down a bunt in front of the plate that Weathers grabbed and threw wildly to first .
Hall alertly took off for third and beat the throw .
Jason Kendall was walked intentionally .
Francisco Cordero replaced Weathers to face Counsell who hit a fly ball to right fielder Jay Bruce on the first pitch .
Hall tagged up on the play and beat the throw home .
In his second start since being traded from Cleveland to Milwaukee , Sabathia pitched an eight - hitter , his fourth complete game of the season and 20th of his career .
On Tuesday , he pitched six solid innings to beat the Rockies 7 - 3 .
The Reds ( 46 - 50 ) lost leadoff hitter Jerry Hairston , who had to be carried off the field after straining his right hamstring running out a bunt single .
He led off the third inning by bunting toward third .
About a quarter of the way there , he pulled up and limped across the bag .
He made it to first safely , then fell over clutching his upper right leg .
Manager Dusty Baker , Joey Votto and trainer Mark Mann carried him off .
Hairston will have an MRI in Cincinnati on Monday .
Bailey , recalled from Triple-A Louisville before the game , matched up well with Sabathia early .
He allowed two runs and five hits over 5 2/3 innings , did n't walk a batter and struck out four .
Bailey 's only mistake was a 0 - 2 pitch in the third that Sabathia lined over the wall in right .
Sabathia also went deep June 21 , with Cleveland against the Los Angeles Dodgers .
Bailey left with a runner at first and 2 - 1 lead in the sixth , but the bullpen let him down .
Reliever Bill Bray promptly walked Prince Fielder and then allowed a run-scoring double by Gabe Kapler .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) -- Brandon Backe loves to bat , slide and play the field .
All things being equal , he 'd rather be an everyday player than a pitcher .
On Sunday , he was about as close to Mr. Everything as he 's ever going to get .
He pitched seven - plus innings , went 2 - for - 3 with a double and scored twice in the Houston Astros ' 5 - 0 victory over the notoriously shutout-prone Washington Nationals .
Backe raised his batting average to .345 while lowering his ERA to 4.76 .
He was so effective at the plate that other players were laying down sacrifice bunts to move their pitcher along .
About the only thing he did n't do was execute a squeeze play in the fourth inning , instead fouling the pitch off .
Ty Wigginton added his eighth homer of the season and Lee had three RBIs for the Astros , who took two of three from the Nationals and finished 4 - 5 on their road trip leading into the All-Star break .
But back to Backe ( 6 - 9 ) , who apparently has n't heard that pitchers are n't supposed to spend a ton of time on the basepaths on a hot summer day .
He supplemented his first multihit game of the year with his best game to date on the mound , allowing only five hits with four walks and five strikeouts .
He worked out of jams in the second and third but settled down in the middle innings before he was removed after issuing a walk to lead off the eighth .
Backe feasted on the injury-plagued Nationals , who have baseball 's worst record and worst offense .
They were shut out for the 12th time , most in the majors , and have lost 10 of 13 .
They sent the minimum number of batters to the plate over the final five innings , their only two runners erased by double plays .
Washington starter Odalis Perez ( 2 - 7 ) , whose last outing ended prematurely when he was ejected after arguing a pair of third-inning balks , allowed three runs and nine hits over six innings .
Perez enters the break with a respectable 3.71 ERA , but , like many Nationals pitchers , he has suffered from a seasonlong lack of run support .
Backe doubled to left open the third inning and scored on Lance Berkman 's two - out single .
Berkman then stole second without a throw when the Nationals stopped paying attention to him , a miscue that became costly when Lee singled to center to score Berkman .
Backe 's single to left led off the seventh .
He was bunted to second , then he and Berkman scored on Lee 's two - out single .
NEW YORK ( AP ) -- Pedro Martinez could n't remember the last time he did n't get his way .
Turns out Jerry Manuel can be just as stubborn .
The Mets manager pulled Martinez after four innings on Saturday because of tightness in his right shoulder , but New York 's resilient relievers held the Colorado Rockies without a hit the rest of the way in a 3 - 0 victory .
Why risk it ?
The bullpen has gone 18 1/3 innings without allowing a run , and the one - hitter made the Mets the first team in modern baseball history to allow three hits or less in five consecutive games , according to the Elias Sports Bureau .
Jose Reyes homered and Fernando Tatis and Brian Schneider also drove in runs for the Mets ( 50 - 44 ) , who have won eight straight for the first time since June 7 - 15 , 2006 .
They 're a season-best six games over .500 and moved within a half-game of Philadelphia in the NL East , after the Phillies lost 10 - 4 to the Arizona Diamondbacks .
Carlos Muniz ( 1 - 1 ) pitched two innings for his first career win , Aaron Heilman and Scott Schoeneweis went an inning each , and Billy Wagner worked a perfect ninth to wrap up the Mets ' 17th win in 19 games against the Rockies at Shea Stadium .
It was Wagner 's 22nd save in 28 chances .
Martinez cruised through the first three innings without allowing a hit before walking Matt Holliday on five pitches .
He began stretching and flexing his shoulders , and Manuel and a trainer went out to the mound immediately .
Martinez stayed in the game and Brad Hawpe singled for the Rockies ' only hit , but Chris Iannetta grounded into a double play to end the inning .
The three - time Cy Young Award winner said he 's had a sore groin that caused his stride to be off , putting pressure on his surgically repaired right shoulder .
He lobbied to stay in the game but , with the All-Star break coming up , Manuel was n't having it .
The Rockies have dropped five of seven since a season-best five - game winning streak , mostly because they ca n't score runs .
The defending NL champs managed only five base runners a day after blowing bases-loaded chances three straight innings in a 2 - 1 loss .
The offensive ineptitude squandered a second consecutive serviceable start by Ubaldo Jimenez ( 4 - 9 ) , who constantly challenged the Mets with a 98-mph fastball .
Fresh off his first road win in 12 starts , Jimenez needed just seven pitches to get through the first inning and did n't allow a hit until Carlos Beltran doubled in the fourth .
Beltran stole third and scored on a base hit by Tatis .
Reyes homered to deep right-center leading off the fifth , his 10th of the year , and the Mets made it 3 - 0 in the sixth when Carlos Delgado reached on a base hit and Schneider slipped a double past first baseman Jeff Baker down the line .
After going a career-high eight innings to beat Martinez the last time he faced the Mets , Jimenez gave up seven hits over six innings .
He struck out eight .
TORONTO ( AP ) -- On the day Alex Rodriguez passed Mickey Mantle on the major league home run list , the New York Yankees were left mourning Bobby Murcer -- the former star who replaced Mantle in the lineup long ago .
Rodriguez 's 537th homer moved him into 13th place , and Derek Jeter hit No . 200 of his career to help the Yankees beat the Toronto Blue Jays 9 - 4 on Saturday .
After the game , the Yankees learned of Murcer 's death due to complications from brain cancer , and players spoke fondly of a man who spent nearly four decades with the team as a player , executive and beloved broadcaster .
Murcer , who was 62 , joined the Yankees in 1965 as an infielder but was soon was playing in center field , Mantle 's old spot .
He also took over Mantle 's locker .
Rodriguez was struck by the links between Mantle and Murcer , including the fact that both were from Oklahoma .
Rodriguez , Jeter and Brett Gardner each had three RBIs as the Yankees rebounded after being blanked 5 - 0 Friday night by Roy Halladay 's two - hitter .
New York is 5 - 1 following a shutout , outscoring opponents 36 - 16 in those games .
Rodriguez passed Mantle with a leadoff homer in the fourth , driving a 3 - 2 pitch from left-hander Brian Tallet off the left-field foul pole for his 19th of the season .
It was Rodriguez 's 192nd home run with the Yankees , tying Tino Martinez for 15th place on the franchise list .
The three - time AL MVP has 47 career home runs against Toronto , his second-highest total against any opponent .
He has hit 58 homers against the Los Angeles Angels .
Rodriguez has already passed Ted Williams ( 521 ) , Willie McCovey ( 521 ) and Jimmie Foxx ( 534 ) on the career home run chart this season .
Mike Schmidt ( 548 ) is next .
A-Rod 's milestone shot came three innings after Jeter led off the game with a drive to right , his fifth of the year .
It was the 18th time Jeter has led off a game with a home run .
New York right-hander Darrell Rasner gave up four runs in the first but shut out the Blue Jays over the next four innings to win for just the second time in nine outings .
He snapped a three - start losing streak .
Rasner ( 5 - 7 ) allowed three earned runs and seven hits .
He walked one and matched a season high with six strikeouts .
Edwar Ramirez , Jose Veras and Kyle Farnsworth each worked a hitless inning before LaTroy Hawkins wrapped it up with a 1 - 2 - 2 ninth .
Toronto 's Jesse Litsch ( 8 - 6 ) gave up eight runs -- three earned -- and seven hits in 2 2/3 innings .
The right-hander , who began the season 7 - 1 , has won just once in his past eight outings .
Trailing 1 - 0 on Jeter 's home run , Toronto put Rasner in an early hole by sending eight batters to the plate in the first .
Marco Scutaro hit an RBI single and Adam Lind had a three - run triple .
New York jumped back in front in the second , loading the bases with a walk , a single and a hit batter .
Gardner hit a run-scoring single and Jeter drove in a run when Scutaro bobbled a potential double-play grounder to second .
One out later , Rodriguez hit a two - run single .
The Yankees chased Litsch with a three - run third .
Robinson Cano reached on an error by shortstop John McDonald , Melky Cabrera singled and both runners advanced on a grounder before Gardner hit a two - run single and scored on Jeter 's single .
The crowd of 44,363 was Toronto 's biggest since opening day , surpassing Friday 's crowd of 43,078 .
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) -- For the second time in three games , the Florida Marlins took the lead in the 11th inning and Kevin Gregg got the save .
The big right-hander is halfway to 40 saves after recording 32 last year in his first season as a full-time closer .
Gregg , 6 - 4 with a 2.60 ERA in 46 appearances , credits a good portion of his success to the lessons he learned from Tampa Bay Rays closer Troy Percival when they were teammates with the Angels .
Jorge Cantu homered for the Marlins , who lost shortstop Hanley Ramirez in the second inning after he grounded out .
Ramirez , scheduled to start in Tuesday 's All-Star game , said he hurt himself making a throw to first on Nomar Garciaparra 's leadoff single in the first .
Ramirez told reporters he would play Sunday .
Takashi Saito , the Dodgers ' All-Star closer , left with tightness in his right elbow after retiring his first two batters in the ninth and going to a 2 - 2 count on Wes Helms .
Saito is 3 - 3 with 17 saves , a 2.18 ERA and 53 strikeouts in 41 1/3 innings over his 39 appearances .
He is scheduled to have an MRI exam on Monday .
Josh Willingham led off the 11th with a double against Ramon Troncoso ( 0 - 1 ) , and scored when Uggla pulled a 1 - 0 pitch inside third base for his first RBI in three games after missing the previous 11 with a left ankle strain .
Uggla came home on Ross ' flyball after Robert Andino sacrificed him to third .
Doug Waechter ( 1 - 2 ) pitched a perfect 10th inning for the victory .
Ross led off the Florida seventh with a double that extended his career-best hitting streak to 15 games , the longest by a Marlins player since a 17-game run by Alex Gonzalez in June 2005 .
Alfredo Amezaga , who replaced Ramirez , drove in Ross with a bloop single to center field that chased starter Hiroki Kuroda and put the Marlins ahead 3 - 2 .
Marlins starter Ricky Nolasco allowed two runs and five hits in six innings and struck out six .
The right-hander , who has won nine of his previous 10 decisions , was lifted for a pinch-hitter in the seventh when Florida took the lead .
But Andre Ethier greeted left-hander Renyel Pinto with a leadoff homer to center field in the eighth .
The Marlins , who have the only rotation in the majors with five starters all under the age of 26 , have taken the first three games of this four - game set .
In the opener , Josh Johnson made his first start in more than a year after Tommy John surgery , and Chris Volstad came within one out of a shutout in his first big league start on Friday night .
Kuroda gave up three runs and seven hits over 6 2/3 innings in his third start since coming off the disabled list .
In his previous outing , the right-hander pitched a one - hit , 3 - 0 victory against Atlanta at Dodger Stadium .
Matt Kemp , who batted leadoff the previous 11 games in place of injured outfielder Juan Pierre , was bumped to the seventh spot in the order .
Garciaparra was 1 - for - 5 in the one hole , becoming the fifth player manager Joe Torre has used in the leadoff slot this season .
It was the first time Garciaparra hit leadoff since July 16 , 2002 with the Boston Red Sox , when he went 1 - for - 6 and came up empty with the bases loaded in back-to-back innings at Detroit .
The six - time All-Star set a major league record in 1997 with 98 RBIs in the leadoff role , a major league record that stood until Darin Erstad knocked in 100 runs for the Angels in 2000 .
Kemp hit a leadoff homer in the second inning .
His drive to right-center on a 1 - 0 pitch gave Los Angeles a 2 - 1 lead .
But Cantu tied it in the sixth with a first-pitch drive into the lower seats in the left field corner .
Cantu 's 18th homer and second in two games extended the Marlins ' club-record home run streak to 14 games .
They lead the majors with 135 .
ARLINGTON , Texas ( AP ) -- John Danks came home and gave about 40 family and friends quite a show .
The Chicago White Sox left-hander also showed Texas fans what they 're missing .