NEW YORK ( AP ) -- Joba Chamberlain struggled with his control , walked off the mound in the third inning and threw his glove in the dugout .
His first major league start was a memorable one , all right .
Just not for the reasons he 'd hoped .
Chamberlain lasted 2 1/3 innings and Roy Halladay held the New York Yankees in check despite some control problems of his own , leading the Toronto Blue Jays to a 9 - 3 victory on Tuesday night .
Alex Rios extended his hitting streak against the Yankees to 24 games and David Eckstein had three RBIs for Toronto , which patiently concentrated on Chamberlain 's pitch count and forced New York to use six pitchers total .
Halladay ( 7 - 5 ) won his fourth straight decision and improved to 5 - 1 with a 2.58 ERA in his last seven games .
He allowed two runs and six hits in six innings .
The former AL Cy Young Award winner got off to a rough start but quickly settled down and improved to 11 - 5 with a 3.03 ERA against New York .
Halladay was around long after Chamberlain departed from his much-anticipated start .
A sellout crowd of 53,629 that included Chamberlain 's father , Harlan , roared as the hard-throwing right-hander was introduced with the starting lineup and gave the youngster a standing ovation before he threw his first pitch .
His initial offering to leadoff hitter Shannon Stewart was a ball -- a sign of things to come .
Chamberlain touched 101 mph on the Yankee Stadium scoreboard but walked three and threw 38 pitches in the first as Toronto took a 1 - 0 lead on Rios ' groundout .
Chamberlain retired the side in order in the second and got Marco Scutaro to fly out to right to begin the third .
But Rios walked on four straight balls , and manager Joe Girardi removed the 22-year-old after 62 pitches , about what the Yankees had planned to limit him to .   Tonight was a creation of the media .
If this had been a first start for any other pitcher on any other team , it would n't have been such a big deal . '' Chamberlain walked off the mound and sheepishly removed his cap to acknowledge the cheering crowd as he approached the dugout .
He threw his glove down as he climbed down the steps and sat down with a dejected look on his face .
Dan Giese ( 0 - 1 ) relieved Chamberlain and allowed a run in 3 2/3 innings in his first game with New York .
Chamberlain , the 41st overall pick in the 2006 amateur draft , was converted to a reliever last year to help the Yankees bridge the gap to closer Mariano Rivera .
He made his major league debut at Toronto on Aug. 7 and went 2 - 0 with a 0.38 ERA in 19 games .
He opened this season in the bullpen but was stretched out over three appearances before he joined the rotation .
Rios extended his streak against the Yankees with a seventh-inning single .
It 's the second-longest active streak against one team in the majors and the longest against New York since Charlie Gehringer 's 31-game streak for Detroit from 1935 - 36 , according to the Elias Sports Bureau .
Derek Jeter singled in the ninth inning to tie Mickey Mantle for third on the Yankees ' career list with 2,415 hits .
Jeter , who went 2 - for - 5 , received a warm ovation from what was left of the capacity crowd .
Rod Barajas and Eckstein each had a two - run double in Toronto 's six - run seventh .
SAN FRANCISCO ( AP ) -- It might be a little while before Pedro Martinez returns to his dominant old self .
He took a big first step just by getting back on the mound , then went out and won .
The 36-year-old Martinez came off the disabled list to make his second 2008 start Tuesday night for the New York Mets in a 9 - 6 victory over the San Francisco Giants , more than two months after leaving his first start of the year April 1 with a hamstring injury .
Martinez ( 1 - 0 ) even got to celebrate a pair of singles and an RBI that helped his cause and improved his line , which read : six innings , seven hits , three runs , three walks and three strikeouts on 109 pitches .
He received a standing ovation when he walked off the mound after the sixth to finish his night , then was greeted with a hug from catcher Ramon Castro in the dugout .
The pitcher sat down and was all smiles .
His two hits matched his career high , the third time he 's done it and the first since Aug. 3 , 1997 , against San Diego while with the Montreal Expos .
Damion Easley hit a three - run double in his second plate appearance during New York 's eight - run fifth , much to delight of the large contingent of Mets supporters among the 35,233 fans who watched in the Giants ' waterfront ballpark on a chilly June night .
First-pitch temperature was 57 degrees .
The eight - run inning was New York 's most productive since getting 11 in the sixth at the Chicago Cubs on July 16 , 2006 .
Martinez recorded his first strikeout when he fanned Randy Winn in the third on an 80 mph off-speed pitch .
The right-hander allowed a single up the middle to leadoff batter Fred Lewis on his second pitch of the night .
He got Ray Durham to fly out then Winn followed with an RBI double to left in a 21-pitch first inning .
Martinez more than kept his team in the game in a pitching matchup featuring a pair of former Cy Young Award winners in Martinez and Barry Zito , who was knocked out after only 4 1/3 innings .
Randolph let Martinez go deep in the game , checking on him from time to time .
Carlos Beltran hit a go-ahead RBI double in the fifth and Ryan Church followed with a sacrifice fly for New York , which bounced back from a 10 - 2 loss in the series opener Monday after the team 's cross-country flight following a Sunday night game at Shea Stadium .
Carlos Delgado added an RBI single in the fifth .
Travis Denker hit his first career home run with a three - run shot in the ninth off Scott Schoeneweis .
Billy Wagner relieved and recorded the final two outs for his 12th save in 14 chances .
Zito ( 1 - 9 ) , who began the season 0 - 8 , lost for the first time in his three career starts versus New York after getting two victories in 2007 during his initial year in the National League .
He allowed six runs , five earned , on seven hits , walked five and struck out one .
The Mets went ahead 1 - 0 in the first on a sacrifice fly by David Wright -- the only player in the majors to play every inning so far this season -- but San Francisco tied it in the bottom half on Winn 's 17th double .
New York 's Jose Reyes had his 18-game hitting streak snapped .
But he did reach base twice on errors , the 34th straight game he reached base .
That is the longest single-season streak by the leadoff batter in club history , passing Darryl Strawberry 's 33 in a row from April 25-June 1 , 1987 .
John Olerud reached in 47 straight games spanning the 1998 and ' 99 seasons .
San Francisco 's Aaron Rowand had his 10-game hitting streak but he drove in a run on a groundout .
PHILADELPHIA ( AP ) -- Ken Griffey Jr. did n't get anything to hit his only time up .
Pat Burrell did n't miss the tasty , hanging slider he saw .
Burrell hit a tiebreaking two - run homer , Adam Eaton pitched 6 2/3 impressive innings and the Philadelphia Phillies beat the Cincinnati Reds 3 - 2 Tuesday night .
Griffey walked as a pinch-hitter in the eighth inning to remain one shy of 600 home runs .
Griffey was n't in the Reds ' lineup for the second straight game because of general soreness .
He 's been bothered by a sore left knee , though he could return Wednesday .
Edwin Encarnacion hit a solo homer and tripled for two of Cincinnati 's five hits .
Rookie sensation Jay Bruce had a checked-swing , infield single in three at-bats .
Junior represented the tying run when he came up with one out , but walked on four pitches and pitcher Bronson Arroyo ran for him .
A sellout crowd gave Griffey a standing ovation and booed when reliever Tom Gordon did n't throw a strike .
Griffey hit No . 599 at home Saturday against Atlanta .
The only players to reach 600 are Barry Bonds , Hank Aaron , Babe Ruth , Willie Mays and Sammy Sosa .
The Reds lost center fielder Ryan Freel to a strained right hamstring in the sixth .
Freel crumbled to the ground after taking several steps out of the batter 's box following a grounder to shortstop .
Freel quickly hopped up and hobbled off the field on his own .
He 'll fly to Cincinnati on Wednesday for further evaluation .
Eaton ( 2 - 3 ) allowed one run and three hits , outpitching Aaron Harang ( 2 - 8 ) .
Eaton has won consecutive starts after going winless in his first 10 .
A constant target for boos because he 's pitched poorly after signing a free-agent contract before last season , Eaton left to a standing ovation , and tipped his hat to the crowd .
J. C. Romero and Gordon combined for four outs , and Brad Lidge finished for his 15th save in as many chances .
Lidge retired Encarnacion on a shallow fly with two runners on to end it .
Harang gave up three runs and nine hits in six - plus innings .
He did n't get any run support again -- the Reds have scored 16 runs in his eight losses .
Chase Utley led off Philadelphia 's sixth with a double .
After Ryan Howard struck out , Burrell hit a towering drive into the left-field seats to give the Phillies a 3 - 1 lead .
Encarnacion tripled to start the eighth off Gordon .
Pinch-hitter Javier Valentin 's sacrifice fly cut it to 3 - 2 , but Gordon got out of the inning after walking Griffey .
Encarnacion hit a solo shot leading off the third to give the Reds a 1 - 0 lead .
Eaton had retired the first six batters before Encarnacion lined his 10th homer into the left-field seats .
Utley had a broken-bat RBI single with two outs in the third to tie it at 1 .
Utley , who leads the majors with 21 homers , did n't hit one out for the first time in six games .
Before getting hurt , Freel made a sensational play to save a run in the fifth .
With two outs and a runner on third , Freel made a headfirst , diving catch on a sinking liner by Shane Victorino .
Harang left after pinch-hitter Greg Dobbs singled and Jimmy Rollins doubled to start the Phillies ' seventh .
Left-hander Danny Herrera entered for his big league debut and retired Victorino on a grounder to shortstop .
After Utley was intentionally walked , Herrera fanned Howard and Burrell to escape the jam .
BOSTON ( AP ) -- The Red Sox kept winning at home despite losing David Ortiz .
With every batter reaching base -- and a slumping Coco Crisp driving in the go-ahead run -- Boston won its 11th straight game at Fenway Park with a 7 - 4 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays in a matchup of the AL 's top two teams Wednesday night .
Drew and Mike Lowell hit two - run homers in Boston 's first game after a 4 - 6 road trip .
Drew also got a key walk in the four - run sixth that was followed by Jason Varitek 's tying RBI single and Crisp 's two - run double that made it 6 - 4 .
Jacoby Ellsbury 's sacrifice fly produced the final run .
Before the game , Ortiz sat at his locker with a hard cast covering most of his left arm to protect a partially torn sheath around the tendon in his left wrist .
He 's expected to wear the cast for two to three weeks and then work to strengthen the wrist for a return to the lineup at an unknown time .
In fact , the Red Sox did quite well even when Ortiz was going through one of the worst slumps of his career .
They were 4 - 2 in their first six home games even though he was 0 - for - 17 .
And they had a one - game division lead at the end of April despite his .184 batting average .
Ortiz is hitting .252 now and leads the team with 13 homers and 43 RBIs .
Crisp snapped a 1 - for - 25 slump with his double in a game he was n't supposed to start .
Sean Casey was in the original lineup as the designated hitter with Crisp on the bench .
But when left fielder Ramirez was shifted to DH because of sore legs , Crisp started in center and Ellsbury went from center to left .
The Red Sox are 22 - 5 at home where their winning streak matched the Rays for the longest in the AL this season .
Boston cut Tampa Bay 's lead in the division to a half game , although the Rays are 12 games over .500 , eight more than their previous best during their 11-year history .
Rookie Justin Masterson ( 2 - 0 ) allowed four runs in six innings in his third major league start for Boston .
Craig Hansen got out of a first-and-second jam with no outs in the eighth by retiring the next three batters .
Garza started the sixth with a 4 - 3 lead but hit the first batter , Kevin Youkilis , with a pitch .
He went to second on an error by shortstop Jason Bartlett on Ramirez 's grounder , only the 24th error by the Rays , the fewest in the majors .
Drew then walked to load the bases with one out .
Varitek followed with a run-scoring single that tied the game at 4 .
Crisp then doubled low off the left-field wall , scoring Ramirez and Drew .
Akinori Iwamura led off the game with his third homer of the season , then Masterson held the Rays scoreless until consecutive doubles by B. J. Upton and Carlos Pena in the fourth tied the game 2 - 2 .
The Red Sox had taken a 2 - 1 lead in the second on Lowell 's eighth homer , a two - run shot after Ramirez singled .
Drew 's sixth homer gave Boston a 3 - 2 lead in the fourth , but Tampa Bay went ahead in the sixth on Pena 's two - run homer , following a walk to Upton .
SEATTLE ( AP ) -- Just over two months ago , he was just another Joe fighting for a job in the major leagues .
What would Joe Saunders have said then if he 'd been told that by June he 'd the AL 's leader in wins ?
The Triple-A traveler last season allowed one earned run in seven innings to become the AL 's first nine - game winner and Maicer Izturis drove in a season-high three runs as the Los Angeles Angels beat the Seattle Mariners 5 - 4 on Tuesday night .
Saunders ( 9 - 2 ) allowed six hits and likely would have cruised with a 5 - 1 lead but for two errors in the fifth inning for the Angels , who scored more than four runs for the first time in 14 games .
The resourceful AL West leaders have won 10 of those games .
The Angels scored all of their runs early off Erik Bedard ( 4 - 4 ) .
The man for whom Seattle traded five players to Baltimore in February was booed off the mound during the 19th loss in 26 games for the team with the AL 's worst record .
Jose Arredondo pitched perfect eighth .
Francisco Rodriguez struck out the side in the ninth for his 23rd save in 24 chances .
Saunders was in a spring-training battle with Ervin Santana for the last spot in the rotation -- but then top starters Kelvim Escobar and John Lackey got hurt .
Presto !
Saunders and Santana have a combined 17 wins , including in the first two games over this series with a sunken Mariners team that was supposed to be their chief division rival but is instead 14 1/2 games in the Angels ' dust .
Saunders had four stints with Los Angeles last season while on a perpetual shuttle to and from Triple-A Salt Lake .
Now , he 's perpetually good .
Using a sweeping curve and well-placed fastballs , he struck out five and walked one while lowering his ERA to 2.63 .
Saunders , who has yet to pitch an entire season in the major leagues , has allowed one or no earned runs in six of 12 starts this season .
Not bad for a $ 425,000 salary .
That was supposed to be Bedard .
But the $ 7 million man , who had asked the Mariners for an extra day of rest following his two - hit blanking of Boston over seven innings May 28 , allowed seven hits and five runs in just 3 1/3 innings .
It was his second-shortest start of the season .
He walked three and struck out one .
Izturis ' two - run single in the second scored Casey Kotchman to make it 3 - 0 .
In the fourth , Bedard allowed a leadoff double to Robb Quinlan and walked No . 9 hitter Jeff Mathis for the second time .
Willits sacrificed them to second and third , and Izturis and Kendrick followed with consecutive RBI singles to make it 5 - 0 and end Bedard 's night .
Bedard said nothing and barely looked at John McLaren as his manager silently took the ball from him and waited for R. A. Dickey to arrive from the bullpen .
Bedard sounded OK with that .
Dickey pitched 5 2/3 scoreless innings and got a standing ovation from the home crowd after he finished the eighth .
The knuckleballer has been scoreless in 11 innings of long relief on Seattle 's homestand .
The Angels ' two errors led to three unearned runs , after they had made just 24 errors in 59 games .
But Saunders ended what essentially was Seattle 's last scoring chance by striking out Adrian Beltre on a curveball that bounced in front of the mound with two men on .
MILWAUKEE ( AP ) -- Seth McClung did n't want to get caught up in the notion that he was going pitch-for-pitch with Randy Johnson , especially on a night when the Big Unit reached another lofty milestone .
But those bats the Brewers ' right-hander used to slap the first two hits of his career against the Arizona Diamondbacks ' venerable veteran ?
McClung said he 's sending them straight to the hall -- the one in his house , anyway .
Johnson began Tuesday night by passing Roger Clemens and taking sole possession of second place on baseball 's career strikeout list .
But it was McClung , Ryan Braun and the Brewers who came away with a 7 - 1 victory .
Milwaukee now has won five straight and eight of its last nine games after a disappointing start to the season .
Milwaukee had to stay patient at the plate with Johnson ( 4 - 2 ) , who was nearly untouchable through the first five innings .
His first-inning strikeout of Mike Cameron was the 4,673rd of his career , putting him in second place but still far behind Nolan Ryan 's 5,714 .
Johnson went on to strike out eight and gave up only three hits through five -- all singles , two of which came from McClung .
Johnson made a stunning play on a sharp ground ball by Prince Fielder in the fourth , reaching back to his left and snagging the ball out of the air with his bare left hand .
But Johnson got in trouble with a 1 - 0 lead in the sixth , walking Cameron to lead off the inning and giving up a go-ahead two - run homer to Braun , his 16th of the season .
Tuesday was the first time Braun , the 2007 NL Rookie of the Year , had faced Johnson .
Braun was impressed .
Milwaukee added to its lead in the seventh when Joe Dillon 's double drove in J. J. Hardy from first .
Johnson was taken out of the game , tipping his hat as he received respectful applause from Brewers fans .
Diamondbacks manager Bob Melvin said Johnson needed some help from the offense .
Despite Johnson 's early dominance , Milwaukee was within striking distance thanks to a strong outing by McClung ( 3 - 2 ) , who gave up a run and six hits over six innings in his third start of the season .
The Brewers ' offensive struggles included two strikeouts by Bill Hall , who caused a stir this week when his agent suggested that the team would be better off trading him than keeping him in a platoon with Russell Branyan at third base .
Brewers fans did n't react strongly when Hall 's name was announced before the game , but the boos intensified after Hall struck out for the second time .
But Hall , who ended up in a platoon role because of his struggles against right-handed pitchers this season , did single off righty reliever Max Scherzer .
ATLANTA ( AP ) -- Chipper Jones blushed over his 399th homer .
Greg Norton was just relieved that he drove in more runs than he gave up with his shaky defense .
The torrid-hitting Jones moved within one homer of No . 400 , hitting a three - run shot , and Norton came through with a two - run double in the eighth inning that rallied the Atlanta Braves to another come-from-behind victory , 5 - 4 over the slumping Florida Marlins on Tuesday night .
Jones moved ahead of former Braves great Dale Murphy on the career list , and pulled into a tie with Hall of Famer Al Kaline and one of Jones ' ex-teammates , Andres Galarraga .
The next homer -- and it should n't take long the way Jones is hitting -- will make him the 43rd player in baseball history with 400 .   I do n't ever think about that kind of stuff until you bring it up , '' Jones told reporters .   It makes me blush . '' His face actually was a light shade of red , though that may have had more to do with the sweltering night at Turner Field -- 87 degrees for the first pitch .
Jones , who actually managed to raise an average that already was over .400 , sparked the Braves in the eighth with a leadoff single against Matt Lindstrom ( 1 - 1 ) .
Mark Teixeira followed with a double into the left-field corner , putting runners at second and third .
Norton , a .171-hitting utilityman forced to start because the Braves have two outfielders on the disabled list , drove the first pitch he saw just inside the first-base bag .
The ball did n't stop rolling until it got to the corner , bringing home the tying and winning runs .
Out in left field , Norton had another adventurous night .
He lost a fly ball in the lights , but managed to make the catch before falling on his rear end .
The Braves actually won a one - run game , improving their mark in those contests to 3 - 16 , despite two more homers by Florida 's slugging second baseman , Dan Uggla .
Now , they 're losing them .
The Marlins have dropped six of their last seven to slide out of first in the NL East .
Will Ohman ( 3 - 0 ) won for the second night in a row with a scoreless inning .
Rafael Soriano worked a perfect ninth for his second save .
John Smoltz never got up for the Braves .
The starter-turned-closer 's ailing shoulder was sore after his first appearance out of the bullpen since 2004 .
He gave up two runs in the ninth on Monday , blowing a save chance , but the Braves rallied to win on Yunel Escobar 's 10th-inning homer .
Jones homered in the first , giving Atlanta a quick 3 - 1 lead , and finished 2 - for - 4 to push his average from .407 to .409 .
Uggla led off second by hitting a 2 - 2 pitch into the left-field seats .
Atlanta starter Jorge Campillo knew he left a fat one over the heart of the plate , shaking his head in disgust as soon as the Florida slugger connected .
But Uggla was n't done .
Two innings later , he practically swung one - handed to reach a low pitch from Campillo , the ball soaring toward left and barely clearing the wall to give the Marlins a 4 - 3 lead .
It was Uggla 's 18th homer and third two - homer game of the season .
He 's on his way to his best season yet after hitting 31 homers a year ago and 27 in 2006 .
Campillo had his worst showing of a surprisingly effective season , lasting only four innings .
He surrendered six hits and four runs -- one more than he had given up in 23 2/3 innings coming in .
Hanley Ramirez led off the game with a double , moved to third on a groundout and scored on Jorge Cantu 's sacrifice fly .
Florida starter Burke Badenhop got in a big jam right away .
Yunel Escobar led off the bottom of the first with a single , and Kelly Johnson followed with a walk .
That brought up Jones , who turned a 2 - 1 pitch into a monstrous drive that went out in center .
The youngster , who came into the game with a 6.75 ERA , settled down after Jones ' homer .
Badenhop allowed only one more hit over his five - inning stint , though he did have to work around four walks in all .
CHICAGO ( AP ) -- Ozzie Guillen 's tirade two days ago must have made an impression .
The White Sox 's offense perked up and Chicago hit four homers Tuesday night to beat the Kansas City Royals 9 - 5 .   Ozzie is one of those guys , he loves this team , he cares so much about this team that he wants us to do well .