Pierzynski , who finished with three hits for the second straight game , went deep against Jake Woods in the fifth and Swisher hit a solo homer off Roy Corcoran in the sixth .
Hunter hit a three - run homer and Casey Kotchman added a two - run shot in Los Angeles ' six - run sixth inning , helping the Angels beat Boston 7 - 5 Monday night for their sixth straight regular-season win against the Red Sox .
The A 's won despite striking out 12 times , their most strikeouts in a nine - inning victory since 2004 .
Mike Trout homered and drove in three runs , and Erick Aybar 's two - run shot gave Los Angeles the lead for good as the Angels beat Detroit 7 - 4 on Wednesday night for their eighth consecutive win over the Tigers .
Pujols homered in the third , and Ludwick ended Harang 's outing with his two - run homer in the fourth -- his 31st of the season -- for an 8 - 1 lead .
Bay started the rally with his fifth home run of the season , which came with one out in the fourth .
Lackey ( 5 - 5 ) , who missed all of last season rehabbing from Tommy John surgery , struck out nine over the first four innings -- getting three each in the first , second and fourth -- while allowing Wilin Rosario 's first-inning RBI single .
Logan Forsythe and Alexi Amarista had key hits in a five - run fourth inning , and the San Diego Padres beat the Cardinals 6 - 4 Tuesday night to send the slumping World Series champions to their 10th loss in 14 games .
Jermaine Dye homered for the third straight game and Uribe added a two - run drive in the fifth to help struggling Chicago beat the Minnesota Twins 6 - 2 on Thursday .
Cabrera broke a tie with the Rangers ' Josh Hamilton for the major league lead in homers with his 44th , a solo shot to right , and two fielding mistakes by David Lough in center led to another run .
Mussina pitched seven sharp innings for his 15th win , and the Yankees beat the Texas Rangers 3 - 0 on Thursday night to gain a four - game split before starting their next road series against the AL-leading Angels .
Mauro Gomez hit a tiebreaking , two - run triple in the ninth inning and Nava made a game-saving grab in the outfield and Boston beat Toronto 8 - 5 on Friday night , snapping a six - game losing streak against the Blue Jays .
Byrd homered and Lucas Duda , who had the game-winning hit off Mariano Rivera on Tuesday night , added a two - run double for the Mets , who scored their most runs since a 16 - 5 win April 12 in Minnesota .
The St. Louis left-hander dominated Cincinnati again with eight strong innings , Matt Holliday hit a two - run homer and the Cardinals snapped a three - game losing streak with a 2 - 1 win over the Reds on Tuesday night .
The center fielder robbed Scott with a terrific grab and doubled in a run Friday night , sparking New York to a 3 - 2 victory over the Baltimore Orioles in the opener of the final series at the 85-year-old ballpark .
Pelfrey pitched seven shutout innings to lead the New York Mets to their fourth straight victory , a 2 - 1 win over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Friday night .
Joe Inglett drove in the tiebreaking run with a sacrifice fly in the 10th inning , Ryan earned his first save in more than a year and the Blue Jays polished off their three - game sweep of the Rangers with a 5 - 4 victory .
Lee earned his American League-leading 19th win and Ben Francisco hit two home runs in the Cleveland Indians ' ninth straight victory , 10 - 4 over the Detroit Tigers on Tuesday night .
Pujols hit a tiebreaking double in the 10th inning and the Angels beat Detroit 3 - 1 on Thursday for their ninth straight victory over the Tigers .
After a 45-minute wait -- and some of the loudest thunder and lightning imaginable -- the game was called .
Lee allowed two hits in eight scoreless innings and the Philadelphia Phillies scored twice in the second inning to win their first game of the season with a 2 - 0 victory over the Atlanta Braves on Thursday night .
Parker pitched seven innings of three - hit ball , Brandon Moss and Cliff Pennington homered , and the A 's snapped the Angels ' six - game winning streak with a 3 - 1 victory Monday night .
Iannetta hit a broken-bat , two - run homer in the sixth and drove in three runs and Ubaldo Jimenez pitched seven innings to help the Rockies snap a four - game losing streak with a 5 - 3 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Thursday night .
McCarthy pitched seven effective innings for his second straight win and Paul Goldschmidt hit a two - run double to cap Arizona 's five - run seventh inning , lifting the Diamondbacks to a 5 - 2 victory over the San Diego Padres on Friday night .
Carpenter pitched four solid innings in his first start since April 2007 as the Cardinals beat the slumping Braves 7 - 2 on Wednesday night .