Westbrook notched his 15th triple - double of the season , as he accumulated 29 points , 17 rebounds and 11 assists in the win .
Steven Adams had a big game as well against the defending champs , finishing with 16 points and a career - high 15 rebounds in 31 minutes for his own double - double .
Offseason signee Dwight Howard , making his Hawks regular - season debut in his hometown , contributed an 11 - point , 19 - rebound double - double and Paul Millsap paced all scorers with a 28 - point effort .
Aaron Gordon was the player of the game , as he approached a career - high with 30 points on 11 - of - 15 shooting .
Dion Waiters was the player of the game , as he tied a career - high with 33 points on 12 - of - 19 shooting in the win .
While the Heat struggled to keep up with the Pacers in this one , Dwyane Wade still played well and continued his stellar season , recording a game - high of 27 points ( 11 - 21 FG , 0 - 2 3Pt , 5 - 7 FT ) , while also adding three assists .
As he 's been doing all season long , the Russell Westbrook show continued , as he went 8 - for - 12 from the field and 2 - for - 3 from the three - point line to finish with a team - high of 21 points , while adding eight rebounds and 17 assists in just 27 minutes .
The six - year pro had his best scoring game in over two years , tallying a game - high 35 points on outstanding 13 of 22 shooting from the field .
Rudy Gobert continued his fantastic season , as he tied the team - lead with 18 points and 13 rebounds .
They were led by Tyler Zeller , who scored a season - high 26 points on 11 - of - 15 shooting and grabbed five rebounds in 28 minutes .
Hassan Whiteside spearheaded Miami to their 10th straight win with a monstrous 30 - point , 20 - rebound double - double , and the Heat bench totaled 50 points .
With their fantastic shooting and rebounding advantage , the Raptors grabbed their fourth straight victory .
The Raptors added to one of their best starts in franchise history by limiting Dallas to 38 percent shooting from the field .
Chicago 's rebounding advantage showed the same dominance on the glass that the team exhibited in its 55 - rebound season opener against the Boston Celtics .
James Harden was the best player once again , as he tallied 25 points , six rebounds and five assists in the loss .
DeMar DeRozan , in his second game back from injury , led all scorers with 25 points on 11 - of - 18 shooting .
Curry ’ s night did not start until the end of the first half , but he continued the hot shooting trend in the 3rd quarter , and finished with his first triple - double of the season , going for 23 points , 14 rebounds and 10 assists .
Russell Westbrook out together yet another triple - double , as he accumulated 17 points , 13 rebounds and 11 assists en route to his seventh triple - double of the year in the win .
Nicolas Batum , who 'd missed Charlotte 's last game with an illness , came back to contribute across the stat sheet , tallying 14 points , eight assists , six rebounds , three steals and a block .
After a season - high 30 point effort versus the Celtics Monday , the perennial All-Star provided a game - high 28 - point encore , and added four rebounds , four assists and a steal .
Sergio Rodriguez once again impressed Tuesday with a 12 - point , 11 - assist double - double , while Embiid continued fulfilling his considerable potential with an 18 - point , 10 - rebound performance .
Seth Curry had the game of his life though , dropping a career - high 31 points on 13 - of - 17 shooting .
Cody Zeller made an impressive return himself from a multi - game absence from a concussion , tallying a 16 - point , 10 - rebound double - double that also included an assist , two steals and a block .
Rookie Jamal Murray had the best game of his career , dropping a team - high 18 points on 6 - of - 8 shooting off the bench .
The perennial All-Star scored the final two of his 26 points on the night on an eight - foot jumper to break an 88 - 88 tie and send the Cavs home winners for the second consecutive night .
Dion Waiters continued his torrid stretch , as he led the team with 24 points , five rebounds and eight assists .
The Lakers hit 17 three - pointers , a season high , but the Grizzlies set a season high in threes of their own with 13 and shot a brilliant 57 percent as they managed withstand Los_Angeles 's surprising offensive attack .
LeBron James looked a tad rejuvenated under his new head coach , posting a 26 - point , 13 - rebound double - double that was just an assist shy of his first triple - double of the season .
Drummond finished with his third double - double in his past four games as he scored a team - high 21 points and grabbed a game - high 18 rebounds , including seven on the offensive end .
After recording just three points on 1 - of - 8 shooting from the field in Sunday 's game against the Pacers , he got back on track with this line , and the Heat will need him to continue to stay hot if they want to push themselves into the playoffs .
Jimmy Butler was the high - point man for Chicago , with 31 points , while Dwyane Wade came to play , as he dropped 28 points on his former team .
Jakarr Sampson ( 13 points ) and Richaun Holmes ( 10 points ) also got in on the act from the bench , making it one of the best team efforts for Philadelphia in what has been a miserable campaign to date .
Another prospect , rookie Mario Hezonja followed up a career - high on Wednesday with an efficient 12 points and four rebounds on Friday .
DeRozan followed up 42 points on 17 - of - 38 shooting from the field in Tuesday 's comeback victory against the Bulls with 40 points on an even more efficient 14 - of - 25 shooting from the field in Thursday 's blowout victory over the Heat .
The Lakers ( 19 - 37 ) checked in to Friday 's contest with only six road victories in 30 games away from Staples_Center this season , so their chances of victory were n't exactly abundant against a Bucks ( 22 - 30 ) squad that had broken even at home over 26 contests .
That left just one starter left , Kent Bazemore , who had a monster game with a season - high 28 points on 11 - of - 18 shooting along with three 3 - pointers over 40 minutes - - which was also a season high .
Lopez led all scorers with a season - high 30 points , and added 13 rebounds , two assists , a steal and a block for his sixth double - double in the last seven games .
Oklahoma_City ( 32 - 25 ) once again saw All-Star Russell Westbrook put the team on his back on Wednesday , as he scored 38 points to go along with 14 rebounds and 12 assists .
JaMychal Green grabbed a career - high 18 rebounds in the win , but scored just six points on 2 - of - 8 shooting .
The 20 year veteran shot more efficiently from the field as compared to Tuesday ’ s performance against the same Clippers squad , and finished with 17 points on 6 - of - 19 shooting .
The contest was a battle of two surging squads , with the Clippers ( 20 - 8 ) having checked in to Sunday on a four - game win streak , and the Wizards ( 12 - 14 ) having prevailed in four of their previous five contests as well .
The visitors also benefited from Marcin Gortat 's fifth double - double in six games , with the nine - year pro tallying 14 points and 12 rebounds .
Crabbe , who recently logged a few starts with Damian Lillard sidelined , returned to a bench role , but was nearly perfect from the field and chipped in with 30 points ( 12 - 15 FG , 5 - 5 3Pt , 1 - 1 FT ) of his own .
Jeremy Lin followed up his stellar 35 - point effort as a starter in Batum 's stead on Thursday with a 15 - point outing that paced the Hornets bench .
Lopez finished with a season - high 21 points - - his first 20 - point game since April 8 , 2016 - - on an effective 10 - of - 15 shooting , as the team looked to get him the ball early in often and it led to a productive night .
Rudy Gay once again led the team in scoring , tallying 22 points , three rebounds and five assists in the defeat .
The Miami Heat defeated the host Orlando Magic , 108 - 96 , on Wednesday in the season opener for both teams at Amway_Center .
It was rookie Jaylen Brown , however , who had the game 's breakout performance , scoring a career - high 19 points and grabbing five rebounds after getting the start in place of the injured Crowder .
Temple also provided outstanding offensive support , managing his second straight 20 - point performance with a 23 - point , five - rebound , three - assist tally over a robust 42 minutes .
They set a season - high with 62 points in the paint and doubled the rebounding total of the Rockets .
The most important contributor of the bench mob , Zach Randolph , made his return to the floor after missing the last seven games due to the loss of his mother and posted a double - double of 12 points and a team - high 14 rebounds .
Julius Randle is starting to show signs of improvement and has strung together five good games entering the contest ( 9 points and 10 rebounds ) , and added his 16th double - double of the season with 16 points and 11 rebounds .
After back - to - back 38 - and - 29 - point efforts , Isaiah Thomas cooled off with only eight points , but pitched in with 12 assists , his second - highest total in that category this season .
The Memphis Grizzlies snapped a two - game losing streak , as they defeated the host Golden_State Warriors 128 - 119 in overtime , at Oracle_Arena on Friday night .
For the Heat , they continue to struggle as they have now lost their fifth straight game , but center Hassan Whiteside did manage to put together yet another monster performance , scoring 23 points off 9 - of - 11 shooting and grabbing 17 rebounds in 34 minutes .
The shorthanded Miami Heat ( 30 - 24 ) defeated the division - rival Atlanta Hawks ( 31 - 25 ) , 115 - 111 , in the first game back from the All-Star break for both teams .
Quincy Acy continued the strong start to his Nets tenure by leading the second unit with 14 points , four rebounds , an assist , two steals and a block .
Karl-Anthony Towns recorded his third straight double - double with 10 points and 11 rebounds despite a rough shooting night ( 4 - 12 ) .
The Hawks , just like last season , continued to move the ball very well and ended up with an impressive 30 team assists on 41 made field goals .
DeMar DeRozan once again led the team in scoring , as he tallied 30 points , five rebounds and four assists in the win .
Phoenix 's Eric Bledsoe had a big game as well with 34 points to help keep the Suns ' playoff hopes alive .
Chicago 's Jimmy Butler shined again as he had a game - high 26 points in the Bulls ' victory over the Nuggets .
The Lakers also received a team - best 21 points from Jordan Clarkson , which served as the young guard 's best game since his season - high 30 - point outburst versus the Nuggets on Nov. 3 .
Luol Deng turned in a solid game against his former team , putting up 15 points and 10 rebounds .
Smart 's absence opens up a starting spot for Avery Bradley , who continued his outstanding play Sunday with a 27 - point , four - rebound effort that also included an assist , a block and a pair of steals .
Kawhi Leonard ( hand ) returned from a two - game absence to record a team - high 18 points in 37 minutes .
Beno Udrih , acquired earlier in the season from the Grizzlies , turned in a highly productive performance in his first Miami start , managing 14 points , six assists and three rebounds .
The Celtics ( 28 - 18 ) came in to Friday fresh off a big victory over the Houston Rockets on Wednesday night , a win spearheaded by an explosive 38 - point effort from Isaiah Thomas .
Joakim Noah posted a 12 - point , 15 - rebound double - double against his former teammates , and Kyle O'Quinn supplied a 12 - point , 11 - rebound double - double in just 17 minutes off the bench .
After a 27 - point and 17 - assist game less than a weak ago , Dragic scored another 27 points to lead the Heat on Thursday .
They appeared to have one of the worst defenses in the NBA coming into this matchup , but holding the Warriors to 103 points on 41 percent shooting is a win in its own right .
DeMarcus Cousins put on a show in front of the home crowd and went off for 48 points , which set a new career high for the Kings big man .
The Houston Rockets earned their tenth - straight win and did it in epic fashion as they came back from a 12 - point deficit with two and a half minutes left in the fourth quarter , to defeat the host Minnesota Timberwolves , 111 - 109 , in overtime , at Target_Center on Saturday evening .
The visitors were led by Kyle Lowry 's 23 - point , 10 - assist double - double , his third straight such performance .
Mayo bounced back from a nightmarish two - point performance Wednesday to total a season - high 13 points , along with five rebounds , four assists and a steal .
The Bucks hit a season - high 17 three - pointers , on 17 - of - 31 shooting from long range , as they handed the Pacers their third straight loss .
He would finish the night with an efficient 13 - for - 19 shooting mark In addition , the Cavaliers received the best performance of the young season so far from Kevin Love , who tallied 24 points , 14 boards , and five assists .
Reggie Jackson secured his second triple - double in the last five contests , procuring 26 points , 11 rebounds , 10 assists , one steal and one three - pointer in 31 minutes .
However , matched up Saturday against one of the most porous defenses in the league , especially against point guards , the perennial All-Star exploded for 26 points , a career - high 22 assists and 11 rebounds , his 50th career triple - double .
Meanwhile , Robinson , who 'd already done an outstanding job filling in for Young in a handful games in the latter stages of the season , posted a double - double with 11 points and 15 rebounds .
The New_York Knicks ( 3 - 4 ) defeated the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 1 - 5 ) at home on Sunday , putting an end to their three - game losing streak .
Nik Stauskas , who came close to being cut before the season started , provided a huge jolt of life off the bench Wednesday , shooting 5 - of - 6 from the field en route to 13 points in 23 minutes .
This includes his performance in Wednesday 's game comeback victory over the Spurs , where Green shot just 2 - of - 4 from the field en route to scoring four points .
Westbrook took full advantage of the Stifle Tower 's absence , notching his 32nd career triple - double to vault over Wilt Chamberlain for second place on the all - time leaderboard , as he compiled 33 points , 14 assists , 11 rebounds , two steals and two blocks .
He came one point shy of matching a season - high in points with 15 , while also recording six rebounds and four assists .
The Heat ( 18 - 30 ) checked in to Saturday in the midst of their best stretch of the season , but faced a Pistons ( 21 - 26 ) squad that was surging in its own right , albeit a bit more modestly .
Kobe Bryant played to the delight of the hometown crowd , and provided one of his better performances of the season , as he finished with 23 points , eight rebounds and three assists on 8 - of - 18 shooting in 23 minutes .
Stephen Curry is making the strongest case to defend his MVP title and led all scorers with 38 points , 11 assists and six rebounds on 12 - of - 21 shooting .
Luol Deng , who 's been excellent in his own right while helping fill the void left by Chris Bosh 's ( calf ) absence , turned in a 16 - point , 11 - rebound double - double of his own that also featured three assists , a steal and a block .
Going against his former team , Greg Monroe shined , recording his second consecutive double - double and finishing with 20 points and 13 rebounds in 31 minutes .
In keeping with the considerable improvement they 've demonstrated this season , the Sixers ( 21 - 35 ) gave the Celtics ( 37 - 19 ) all they could handle on their home court .
Derrick Rose led the way with 30 points , marking just the fourth time this season he 's surpassed that threshold .
Biyombo was the star of the night though , as he snatched a career - high 20 rebounds en route to his fifth - straight 13 - plus rebound game .
Curry was backed up by another triple - double from Draymond Green ( 12 points , 12 assists , and 10 rebounds to go with five blocks ) , his NBA-leading 11th of the season .
Standout rookie Myles Turner managed to extend his stretch of impressive play despite Mahinmi 's return , registering 16 points , six rebounds and a block over a highly efficient 18 minutes to lead the Indiana reserves .
DeRozan had also excelled in previous games against Orlando this season and the pattern held true once more , as he scored a game - high 36 points and added three assists and two rebounds .
Rookie Jamal Murray was the player of the game , as he scored a career - high 24 points on 9 - of - 13 shooting off the pine .
Kevin Love returned from a one - game absence to total 13 points , 11 rebounds and three assists .
Westbrook tallied his third triple - double of the season and finished with 19 points , 11 rebounds and 10 assists on 7 - of - 13 shooting in 37 minutes played .
`` The sixth - leading scorer of all time tacked on yet another big performance to a list of many , going 16 - for - 26 from the field with three three - pointers .
This was Danilo Gallinari 's second game back and he played great yet again , amassing 29 points , five rebounds and three assists in the loss .
Jeremy Lamb was the biggest surprise , as he scored a season - high 18 points and grabbed a career - high 17 rebounds in his first start with the Hornets .
Detroit ( 19 - 24 ) needed the win on Sunday after having lost three straight , including two consecutive blowouts .
Big man DeAndre Jordan also posted 20 points , 21 rebounds and four blocks for his fourth game of 20 or more points and 20 or more rebounds on the season .
Six players also managed to hit double digits in the scoring column , allowing them to overcome 20 turnovers and a season - high 36 points from Andrew Wiggins to secure their third victory of the season , which have all come at home .
For the Heat , it was yet another dominant performance from center Hassan Whiteside , who finished with 19 points and 25 rebounds en route to his ninth double - double of the season .
Irving added a career - high 13 assists , six rebounds and a steal to his game - high scoring total .
The New_York Knicks snapped a six - game losing streak as they defeated the host Milwaukee Bucks 116 - 111 , at BMO_Harris_Bradley_Center on Friday evening .
He scored an efficient 14 points ( 7 - 11 FG ) and grabbed 11 rebounds , giving him his first double - double of the season .
Lillard , who has been playing on another level since being snubbed from the NBA All-Star game , went 16 - for - 28 from the field and 12 - for - 13 from the free - throw line .
In just his second game in a Heat uniform , Johnson paced the starting unit with 24 points , and added five rebounds , four assists and a block , his second performance of 20 points or more in two games in South Florida .
Oklahoma_City , which had lost three of its last four , shot a sizzling 53 percent from the floor and knocked down 10 - of - 22 three - point attempts .
Luol Deng led the team with 17 points and 10 rebounds , but missed all four three - point tries in an effort to record his 500th make from downtown .
Jimmy Butler continued his breakout season , leading the Bulls to victory with 23 points and five rebounds .
Bazemore had a season - high 20 points and Muscala posted a double - double with 18 points and 10 rebounds .
The Charlotte Hornets ' ( 17 - 19 ) struggles continued Saturday , as they lost 97 - 83 to the Los_Angeles Clippers ( 24 - 13 ) .
Monday night 's outing served as a statement game for the Spurs ( 57 - 16 ) and the worst offensive performance of the season for the visiting Cavaliers ( 47 - 26 ) , with 74 points being their season - low total of the year .
Toronto was unable to catch Golden_State from that point forward , as the Warriors converted on six consecutive attempts from the charity stripe to seal their 21st victory .
The Magic are still a very young team , but are beginning to see what they have in Fournier and Aaron Gordon , who scored a season - high 19 points on 7 - of - 11 shooting to go along with eight rebounds .
The Raptors were once again led by DeMar DeRozan , who tallied a game - high 32 points and added seven rebounds , two assists and two steals .
Howard , who came into Thursday 's contest recording five double - doubles in his last six games , had his most productive performance of the season , posting 24 points and 23 rebounds in 37 minutes .
Ibaka was the hero though , as he punished his former team with a career - high 31 points , nine rebounds and four blocks on 13 - of - 19 shooting .
For the second straight game , Nowitzki failed to score in double figures , as he finished with just eight points on 3 - of - 9 shooting from the field in 25 minutes .
He finished this game with 29 points , 17 rebounds and 11 assists en route to his 15th triple - double of the season .
The bulk of the offense came from a familiar source , James Harden , who recorded his 15th 30 - point game of the season to uphold his status as the NBA 's leading scorer .
On the other end of the spectrum , Jason Richardson had yet another poor shooting day , scoring just two points on 1 - of - 7 shooting , as he has failed to reach double - digit scoring in his last three outings .
The Timberwolves rebounded better the Blazers and played a physical game beneath the basket , led by Karl-Anthony Towns ’ 21 points and 13 rebounds , which marked his 25th double - double of the season .
Aging veteran Dirk Nowitzki was almost able to snap the streak on Saturday , shooting 10 - for - 16 for a game - high 30 points .
Star Anthony Davis , the league 's second - leading scorer , was held to just 12 points and four rebounds in what was a dull night for the young superstar .
Philadelphia ( 7 - 22 ) reclaimed the title of worst team in the league with the loss , but saw promising play from its young rising stars .
The 22 - year - old center came into the game leading the league with an astonishing 16 rebounds per game , a figure only solidified by tonight 's dominant performance .
The Kings ( 23 - 32 ) came away with their 13th home victory of the season after a rather sloppy performance from the Pelicans ( 21 - 34 ) .
James Harden has been seen as a legitimate MVP candidate in this young NBA season with his ability to stuff the stat sheet with points , assists and rebounds .
Steven Adams had his best game of the season , putting up a double - double of 16 points and 11 rebounds in 29 minutes .
Ish Smith put together a second straight strong performance after a string of relatively quiet games , tallying a double - double with 18 points and 10 assists .
2015 first - round pick D'Angelo Russell paced the Lakers ' reserves with 10 points , three assists and a steal , his third consecutive double - digit scoring effort .
The Rockets continue to lean heavily on Harden , who once again paced the team with 41 points while setting up another 30 - plus through his 15 assists .
The veteran shooting guard resoundingly answered the bell , posting a season - high and game - high 31 points on an outstanding 13 - of - 19 shooting performance .
The improved play of DeMar DeRozan over the last week has been the most obvious improvement seen from the Raptors , and it was DeRozan who led the Raptors on Friday , putting up a team - high 26 points and nine assists in 41 minutes .
Los_Angeles came into Thursday 's game on a nine - game losing streak , one shy of the longest such streak since the Lakers moved to L.A. Jordan Hill had a huge game for the Lakers , pouring in 26 points to go along with 12 rebounds .
Ingram scored a team - high 21 points on 8 - of - 14 shooting in one of the best outings of his young career .
In Monday 's victory over the Rockets , Monroe recorded 17 points and 10 rebounds in 27 minutes as a reserve while shooting 7 - of - 13 from the field , and there is a trend so far this January that shows this is starting to become a regular thing for the big man .
However , the more surprising effort came off the bench from Allen Crabbe , who posted a season - high of 30 points .
Oklahoma_City was once again led by Russell Westbrook , who recorded his 31st triple - double of the season Thursday with a game - high 23 points , 13 assists and 13 rebounds in 35 minutes .
LaMarcus Aldridge once again carried the load , as he scored 26 points and grabbed nine rebounds in the win .
Dwyane Wade has been hot as of late , but he cooled off in Sunday 's matchup , scoring just 12 points on 6 - of - 15 shooting in 31 minutes .
Rose ( back ) returned to action in Sunday 's road contest and scored 25 points on 12 - of - 16 shooting , while Anthony struggled to find a rhythm on his way to 13 points on 16 shots .
The Golden_State Warriors ( 180 ) would not have their record tarnished by the lowly Sacramento Kings ( 6 - 12 ) as they came up with the 120 - 101 win on Saturday night , in Oakland .
The Los_Angeles Clippers ( 22 - 13 ) throttled the Philadelphia 76ers ( 3 - 33 ) 130 - 99 on Saturday night to extend their season - long winning streak .
T.J. Warren continued his impressive sophomore campaign for the Suns in Monday ’ s losing effort , as he finished with a game - high 23 points and five rebounds off the bench in 27 minutes off the bench .
Utah ( 30 - 18 ) had lost two straight but bounced back quickly on Thursday , winning convincingly over Los_Angeles .
MVP contender James Harden was superb once again , scoring 30 points and pulling down four rebounds .
The standout big man came off the bench in his first game back but provided a starter 's stat line , compiling 24 points , six rebounds , an assist and a block to lead the Orlando reserves and also serve as the second - highest scorer on the team .
Bradley Beal made a triumphant return after missing three games with a hamstring injury , posting 18 points , five assists and two rebounds over 29 minutes and knocking down half of his six three - point attempts in the process .
Serge Ibaka , despite the defeat , did manage to put together one of his best performances of the season so far , scoring 28 points on 13 - of - 20 shooting - - his second highest total this year - - and grabbed eight rebounds in 41 minutes .
Their impressive talents were on display again Wednesday , with LaVine 's season - high 37 points leading the way .
That led to a stellar 53 percent success rate from the field for the visitors on their way to their 22nd road win of the campaign .
Randle earned his second career triple - double , posting 17 points , 14 rebounds , and 10 assists .
Eric Gordon , who ’ s been the Pelicans ’ second most consistent source of scoring , did post his third consecutive performance with at least 20 points , amassing 21 points and chipping in five boards , four assists and a steal .
Bradley 's return to the starting lineup sent Jae Crowder back to the bench , and Crowder once again thrived in the role , scoring 16 points on 6 - of - 12 shooting in 28 minutes .
In arguably his best performance of the season so far , Granger went 7 - for - 10 from the field and a ridiculous 6 - for - 7 from beyond the arc to score 21 points .
Despite a quiet night from Steph Curry , the Warriors were able to cruise to their 12th straight victory .
Memphis ( 27 - 20 ) earned a much - needed win on Wednesday , as it had dropped four of its last six contests heading into the game .
After back - to - back career - high nights , Devin Booker settled for 23 points on 8 - of - 18 shooting in the defeat .
The Thunder picked up a much - needed win on the back of Russell Westbrook as they fight to keep their playoff hopes in the Western_Conference alive .
James Harden turned in his 34th 40 - point game as a member of the Rockets , as he poured in 42 points , to go along with 12 rebounds and nine assists , to lead Houston to an exciting , comeback win at home .
The Nuggets ' other young star , Jamal Murray , also had a great game to close out a strong rookie campaign , scoring 27 points of his own in 41 minutes .
Houston was led by Ryan Anderson 's season - high 31 points , which he supplemented with seven rebounds and two blocks .
Ramon Sessions was second on the team in scoring with 18 points , his second - highest total of the season , and added a pair of assists and a steal .
Gallinari has been their most consistent scorer so far and had 18 points and five rebounds , shooting 6 - 12 from the field in the loss .
The Minnesota Timberwolves earned their third straight win , as they defeated the visiting Oklahoma_City Thunder , 96 - 86 , at Target_Center on Friday evening .
The 2015 first - rounder tallied 14 points on 6 - for - 18 shooting , and was only able to drain one of his four three - point attempts .
The most notable being that of Devin Booker , as he scored a career - high 35 points in a spectacular performance .
Following his performance of 11 points , three rebounds and two assists in Tuesday 's victory over the Raptors , Murray is now averaging 13 points , 3 assists and 3 rebounds per game over his last four starts , which included a career - high 24 points in last Thursday 's victory over the Nuggets .
Coming off the bench , Carl Landry had his second productive game in a row for the Kings , producing 18 points and four rebounds .
2015 first - round pick Devin Booker received extended opportunity off the bench due to Bledsoe 's injury and contributed 19 points , the second - best scoring total of his brief career .
After shooting just 22 percent ( 2 - 9 FG ) from the field in Sunday 's game against the Rockets , it was good to see him get dialed back in and have a strong performance .
Andre Drummond supplied a modest eight points , but he was able to haul in 10 rebounds , while Marcus Morris continued his offensive slump with a seven - point output on 3 - of - 11 shooting , making it his third straight game with single - digit scoring .
Kobe Bryant did continue his stretch of considerably improved play by leading the Lakers with a 19 - point tally on 6 of 15 shooting .
Al Horford turned in another strong performance Saturday , recording 23 points and 11 rebounds to help Atlanta extend its winning streak to 19 games .
Also in the backcourt , Jackson recorded his fourth straight double - double and nearly his second triple - double in three games , posting 17 points on 5 - of - 13 shooting , 11 assists and nine rebounds in 37 minutes .
James Harden was the go - to guy once again though , as he tallied 21 points , nine rebounds and nine assists in the win .
Overall , it was n't the prettiest performance from San_Antonio , as they shot just 45 percent from the field and 29 percent from behind the arc , but they still managed to notch their fifth straight victory .
Carl Landry reached double - digit scoring for the first time this season , playing 23 minutes off the bench and scoring 14 points .
Nets center Brook Lopez finished with game highs in points ( 24 ) and rebounds ( 15 ) as he earned his third consecutive double - double .
Jabari Parker continued his great form though , tallying 27 points , four rebounds , four assists and three steals in the defeat .
Tobias Harris was next in line for the visitors , posting 21 points , six rebounds and four assists , his third straight 20 - plus - point performance .
Not even a week after the Bucks ( 21 - 23 ) got blown out by the Rockets ( 34 - 14 ) in Houston , they return the favor on their home floor in Milwaukee , as the Bucks ' young stars put on a show to earn the victory and end the team 's five - game losing streak .
The Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 41 - 16 ) rolled past the Dallas Mavericks ( 30 - 28 ) in a potential playoff preview matchup Wednesday at American_Airlines_Center , 116 - 103 .
Utah 's best player on this night was Gordon Hayward yet again , as he tallied 18 points , eight rebounds and six assists in the defeat .
LaMarcus Aldridge returned from a heart issue to total 19 points , seven rebounds and four assists .
Vince Carter was second on the team , as he scored a season - high 17 points on 7 - of - 11 shooting .
They also got 11 points and 13 rebounds off the bench from Enes Kanter and he is becoming one of the best per - minute producers in the NBA right now .
San_Antonio ( 30 - 8 ) has been dominant this season , but losses like this simply do n't make sense .
McCollum reached double - figure points for the seventh straight game , scoring 26 points , grabbing eight rebounds , acquiring three steals , recording three assists and hitting two three - pointers in 40 minutes .
Reggie Evans grabbed 16 rebounds in 21 minutes , helping the Kings end a four - game losing streak .
Sacramento ( 15 - 19 ) have n't had many road wins to celebrate this season , but this won catapulted them into playoff positioning for the time being .
Yet , somehow , the MVP-candidate managed to score a game - high 18 points as he shot 8 - of - 11 from the field .
The two teams came in to Wednesday 's contest with well - earned reputations as solid defensive squads , and the Mavericks ( 24 - 36 ) particularly had built an impressive track record of taking care of the basketball this season .
Aaron Gordon had one of the best games of his career , as he led the Magic with 30 points on 11 - of - 15 shooting .
James Harden turned in a particularly disappointing outing , finishing with a season - low 10 points , his fewest since a nine - point effort last February against the Clippers .
Toronto has won seven of its last nine , and sits in second place in the Eastern_Conference standings The Clippers got off to a 30 - 10 start but could n't hold off a hot Raptors team that went on to out score Los_Angeles 113 - 77 over the final 38:33 .
Golden_State shot 54 percent from the floor for the second straight game en route to another easy victory .
The Hawks recorded 31 assists , led by Dennis Schroder ’ s 11 , topping the 30 - assist plateau for the 14th time this season .
Gary Neal ( 21 points ) and Ramon Sessions ( 12 points ) were highly efficient off the bench , with the former overcoming a groin injury to post his third consecutive double - digit scoring game .
LeBron managed his second triple - double of the season , posting 33 points , eleven rebounds and eleven assists .
Norris Cole made his Pelicans debut against the team who traded him , finishing with 12 points , six rebounds , three assists and one steal in 30 minutes .
Bradley Beal led the way for the home team with a season - high 34 points , which he accomplished on 12 - of - 23 shooting .
The Raptors received a huge contribution from center Jonas Valanciunas , who scored a season - high 27 points , to go along with 11 rebounds .
James Harden once again carried the load , as he tallied 37 points , five rebounds , five assists and three steals in the loss .
Smith displayed some of the same scoring punch he 'd flashed with the Pelicans earlier in the season , managing 14 points and adding five assists , two rebounds , a steal and a block .
The Jazz held the Hawks to just 31 percent shooting and a season - low 68 points .
The Hornets ( 24 - 28 ) had to have come in to Tuesday 's tilt with an extra air of confidence , given that the Nets ( 9 - 43 ) had won just two road games in 24 attempts this season .
Fresh off a six - game road swing through the Western Conference and a subsequent 91 - 79 loss to the Bucks at American Airlines Arena in South Florida on Tuesday , Miami hit the road again shortly after the conclusion of that contest .
The Celtics ( 19 - 30 ) extended their winning streak to three games Friday , knocking off the 76ers ( 11 - 40 ) 107 - 93 .
DeMar DeRozan once again led the way for Toronto , as he collected 28 points , six rebounds and eight assists .
Bledsoe recorded his second 41 - point game of the season , shooting a stellar 13 - of - 22 from the field and 13 - of - 15 from the free - throw line .
Joel Embiid played just 20 minutes , but led the team with a career - high 26 points and seven rebounds .
Coming into Thursday , they 'd won only four times in 33 games away from Barclays_Center , but their prospects were n't as grim as usual against the Knicks ( 27 - 42 ) , which they had already defeated 120 - 112 just five days prior .
While the Heat ( 13 - 30 ) managed to open up a seven - point lead at the end of the first quarter , but a brutal second quarter , which they lost by 16 points , put their chances of winning against the red - hot Mavericks ( 14 - 28 ) , who came in as winners of three straight games , in serious doubt .
The former complemented his scoring with five assists , a rebound and a steal , while the latter added to his second consecutive 20 - point performance with four rebounds , three assists and a steal .
Kevin Love contributed his fifth double - double of the season , finishing with 20 points and 11 rebounds .
He also helped spearhead a defensive effort that saw Indiana limit the Magic ( 4 - 7 ) to a 32 percent success rate from the field and a 20 percent tally from three - point range , while also holding them to a season - low point total .
The Thunder shot only 43 percent from the field but managed to hold the Bucks to an even lower 38 percent , which allowed them to storm off with their 18th road win .
Davis is currently the league 's leading scorer and an emerging candidate for Defensive Player of the Year , a case Davis furthered with four steals and two blocks on Tuesday .
Randle recorded his second career triple - double , scoring 17 points , hauling in 14 rebounds , and dishing out 10 assists .
After falling a rebound short of a double - double the last two games , Towns burst through that barrier with a 14 - point , 14 - rebound performance against Hassan Whiteside .
Orlando ( 19 - 30 ) bounced back from a 30 - point blowout loss at the hands of the Celtics for the win in Toronto on Sunday .
As for Toronto , DeMar DeRozan had another productive outing in his second game back from injury , scoring a team - high 30 points in 38 minutes .
Draymond Green seemed to end his skid of rough shooting on his way to 17 points , to go along with seven rebounds , five assists and three blocks .
He matched his season - high with 31 points and hit multiple baskets late to seal the victory .
The unsung hero of the night for the Clippers was Jamal Crawford , who is known to rise to the occasion throughout his career .
Orlando came into this game as the superior rebounding team , but Atlanta outrebounded them 41 - 35 despite ranking 28th in the league in boards per game with Rolando ranking sixth .
The Pelicans were led by Norris Cole 's career - high 26 points , which he supplemented with five assists , two rebounds and a steal .
Mike Conley 's horrid 3 - of - 14 shooting performance that led to 13 points Thursday against the Clippers was as uncharacteristic as it gets for the veteran point guard , especially when you consider what he was producing coming into Thursday 's game .
Just one night after dismantling the East 's fifth - best team , the Wizards , the Warriors put on a show against the West 's fourth seed .
Oklahoma_City is one of the best rebounding teams in the NBA and that was the difference here , as the Thunder pulled down 54 boards to the Mavericks ' 41 .
James compiled 26 points , 13 assists and 10 rebounds for his second triple - double of the season , both of which have come in the last three games .
The Celtics ( 34 - 19 ) improved to 15 - 11 on the road and pulled closer to the top - seeded Cleveland Cavaliers with the tough road victory against the Blazers ( 23 - 31 ) .
The Los_Angeles Clippers extended their winning streak to seven games , as Chris Paul commanded the floor to the tune of 21 points and 19 assists , as part of a mostly easy victory over the Trail_Blazers .
Kevin Durant was back in top form Wednesday night as he finished with 30 points on 11 - 18 shooting , including 5 - 8 from long range , along with six rebounds , five assists and three blocked shots .
The Los_Angeles Clippers ( 28 - 14 ) continued their hot streak on Friday with a 116 - 88 win over the New_York Knicks ( 22 - 23 ) at Madison_Square_Garden .
Arron Afflalo had his best game yet in his new Sacramento digs , collecting 18 points , three rebounds and a steal .
DeMar DeRozan once again carried the Raptors , as he tallied 26 points , seven rebounds and four assists .
Kevin Garnett played both games of a back - to - back set for the first time since December 26th and 27th , tallying a team - high 10 rebounds in 27 minutes .
While it was expected that Cousins ' minutes may be limited , the Kings let him play his usual compliment of 30 - plus minutes , in which time Cousins put up a game - high 27 points to go with 11 rebounds and five assists .
Harden went on to put up star numbers again , scoring 28 points to go along with seven rebounds and seven assists .
Damian Lillard was the player of the game , as he scored 26 of his career - high 59 points in the first quarter .
Seven Raptors scored in double figures , led by Kyle Lowry 's 21 points , as Toronto moved to within one game of matching its franchise - long winning streak set in 2001 - 2 .
Anthony Davis did n't have the monster stat line he had posted in first two games this season , but he still contributed 14 points and eight rebounds in the loss .
Chicago bounced back from Friday 's 100 - 91 loss to Detroit to notch its 35th win of the season .
Rudy Gay led all scoreers with 31 points , which was his tenth 20 - point outing of January .
Mike Dunleavy scored 21 points on 8 - of - 13 shooting in 29 minutes and has also stepped up his game as of late , scoring 42 points in his last two outings .
It was a big night for the Sacramento Kings as they earned their fourth straight win .
Promising rookie Skal Labissiere , now part of the rotation in the wake of Cousins ' departure , supplied eight points , 13 rebounds , one assist and one steal in 23 minutes off the bench .
Rodney Hood , making his second career start in place of Alec Burks , scored a career - high 15 points in 26 minutes and joined Derrick Favors ( 21 points ) , Enes Kanter ( 16 ) , and Trey Burke ( 13 ) in scoring double digits .
The league - leading scorer posted a game - high 36 points to go with 12 rebounds and 18 assists .
That trio of strong performances helped overcome DeMar DeRozan 's season - low 12 points , which came as a result of 3 - of - 15 shooting .
He was also a perfect 7 - for - 7 from the free throw line in what looks to have been his best game of the season up until this point .
The host San_Antonio Spurs earned their sixth straight win on Monday , defeating the visiting Dallas Mavericks , 96 - 91 .
The Lakers ( 10 - 10 ) were a big underdog in this game , but this was an impressive performance on the road .
He had a brutal showing against the Pelicans on Tuesday , shooting just 14 percent ( 2 - 14 FG ) from the floor and missing all four of his three - point attempts , so it was good to see him have a much higher rate of success Wednesday .
After going through some real struggles following Chris Paul 's injury , the Clippers ( 35 - 21 ) now enter the All-Star break with plenty of momentum via a four - game winning streak , and Wednesday 's victory was the walk - in - the - park the team likely preferred to have before their week off .
All three players who were voted into this year 's All-Star game took at least 17 shots and all three shot 35 percent or below from the field .
The All-Star forward , who 'd scored a career - high 41 points in the overtime victory against the Cavaliers on Saturday , need to give a sore hand a rest , which brought Kyle Anderson into the starting five .
Jrue Holiday made a return from a turf toe injury to lead the team with 23 points in 39 minutes .
The Hawks ( 36 - 8 ) rolled to their 15th straight victory Friday , handling the Thunder 103 - 93 at Phillips Arena .
Best game of the season gets thrown around a lot in this racket far too often , but this overtime thriller certainly placed its name in the running .
Jameer Nelson once again started in place of Emmanuel Mudiay ( ankle ) , and contributed all across the stat sheet with 10 points , four assists , three rebounds and a pair of steals .
The Wizards ( 5 - 2 ) rebounds from a loss to Toronto on Friday , knocking off the Pacers ( 1 - 6 ) for the second time in four nights .
Towns exploded for a career - high 21 rebounds on Sunday , and was just a single assist away from his first career triple - double .
Tim Duncan notched his first double - double of the season with 14 points and 13 rebounds .
DeRozan not only sealed the win with a big board , but had one of his best offensive performances of the season , scoring a game - high 28 points ( 10 - 15 FG , 8 - 8 FT ) to go along with six assists and four rebounds in 37 minutes .
Dallas went 2 - 13 from the floor in the last 7:13 as it faltered to its second straight loss .
Toronto was led by DeMar DeRozan , who posted a game - high 27 points , following a 28 - point outburst in a big victory over the Spurs on Wednesday .
The Miami Heat ( 20 - 24 ) captured an impressive win on the road Sunday , defeating the Chicago Bulls ( 29 - 17 ) 96 - 84 .
J.R. Smith was next in line with his first double - double of the campaign , scoring 18 points and hauling in 11 boards .
While currently riding an eight - game losing streak , the Knicks were able to overcome the drought and secured a victory in a double - overtime thriller .
Interestingly , Lillard nearly matched DeAndre Jordan 's rebounding total , pulling down 18 rebounds compared to Jordan 's 19 .
Brook Lopez cooled off from his recent offensive tear , scoring just 11 points and pulling down six rebounds after a 30 point , 17 rebound performance Friday .
This was a costly loss for the Pelicans , as it pushes them two games behind the Thunder for the eighth and final playoff spot in the West with just 13 games remaining in the regular season .
Los_Angeles ( 9 - 10 ) , meanwhile , has been surprisingly hot to start the season but saw an unfortunate night on Tuesday .
Meanwhile , the Bulls have their wing playing unconsciously on offense , as Jimmy Butler 's 32 - point performance was the result of yet another great shooting night from the All-Star .
The only other Oklahoma_City player to score in double figures was Victor Oladipo , who put together what was easily his best performance of the season , recording a season - high 29 points , 10 rebounds , five assists and two steals .
Ryan Anderson also continued his recent hot stretch , as he accumulated 24 points , six rebounds and five assists in the win .
After shooting just 27 percent ( 4 - 15 FG ) in Friday 's game against the Nets , it was a much better showing for the guard from the field Sunday .
Harden was one assist shy of his third - straight triple - double as he finished with 28 points , 13 assists and nine rebounds , in 43 minutes of action .
Lillard took the reigns once again on Tuesday , pouring in 30 points including a perfect 10 - for - 10 from the line .
Ian Mahinmi was right behind him with a third straight strong performance , compiling 18 points , seven rebounds , an assist and two blocks .
Zach LaVine led all scorers with 28 points , tying his second - highest output this season , as he knocked down six three - pointers and shot 11 - 19 from the floor .
Triple-double threat Draymond Green nearly notched his first of the season , finishing with 14 points , 11 assists , and seven rebounds .
Pau Gasol keeps chugging along in the Chicago system , and added his 28th double - double of the season , and finished with 16 points and 13 rebounds on 6 - of - 16 shooting in 36 minutes .
DeMarcus Cousins posted his fifth career triple - double , finishing with 25 points , 12 rebounds and 10 assists , but it was n't enough to keep the Kings ( 16 - 25 ) from losing for the eighth time in their last 10 games , including a 1 - 6 mark at home in that span .
Dwyane Wade finished the Heat ’ s second consecutive loss with 30 points , six rebounds and five assists .
Cleveland ( 29 - 10 ) snapped a surprising two - game losing streak with the convincing win on Friday .
Andrea Bargnani compiled his second double - double this season , scoring 16 points , grabbing 10 rebounds , blocking three shots and registering two assists in 31 minutes .
Robin Lopez 's 23 points led the Knicks , and he matched Cousins 's 20 rebounds in his first 20 - 20 game of the season .
Isaiah Thomas once again carried the load , as he led the team with 28 points and eight assists .
Meanwhile , history was made in a couple of ways , as Russell Westbrook tied Wilt Chamberlain for second - most 40 - point triple - doubles , while notching his 29th triple - double of the season .
The Warriors ( 31 - 5 ) made it four in a row on their home court in a tilt that was fairly one sided before tip - off , given Damian Lillard ( ankle ) was sidelined .