Kevin Durant returned from a six - game absence due to an ankle sprain and put up a season - high 44 points in 40 minutes .
Brook Lopez , playing just his second game since returning from a foot injury , had 10 [ points and five rebounds but shot only 5 - of - 14 from the floor .
Porzingis did finish strong on the shooting end to salvage what was close to his worst shooting performance of the season , as the lanky rookie scored 21 points on 10 - of - 23 shooting , to go along with 13 rebounds , two assists and two blocks .
Ian Mahinmi returned from a three - game absence due to ankle and heel ailments to post a 12 - point , 10 - rebound double - double , which he complemented with a pair of assists and a pair of steals .
Joakim Noah did n't record an assist , but Pau Gasol compiled his league - leading 32nd double - double , finishing with 20 points , 15 rebounds , four assists , and three blocks in just 28 minutes .
Kemba Walker returned from a one - game absence for personal reasons to post an 18 - point , 10 - assist double - double , while Cody Zeller fashioned a 16 - point , 11 - rebound double - double of his own .
New_York announced that they 'd be without Carmelo Anthony for rest purposes , and were already missing Kristaps Porzingis ( back ) and Derrick Rose ( knee ) .
Joakim Noah , who returned from a four - game absence , had six points and seven rebounds in 23 minutes .
With Dwyane Wade sitting out , Mario Chalmers got pushed into the starting lineup , where he took advantage of the extra playing time and recorded his fourth double - double of the season with 11 points ( 5 - 13 FG , 0 - 3 3Pt , 1 - 4 FT ) and 10 assists .
In what was likely his final game at Staples_Center , Metta World_Peace led the team in scoring with 18 points on 7 - of - 17 shooting in just 25 minutes .
Pachulia collected 16 points , 12 rebounds and three steals to pick up his 10th double - double of the season .
Tyson Chandler managed his first double - double since February 20th , compiling 14 points and 12 rebounds in 27 minutes .
The Raptors ( 39 - 29 ) continue to struggle without Kyle Lowry and home losses like this show just how much his absence hurts this team .
Forward LaMarcus Aldridge upped his production in the absence of big man Pau Gasol ( rest ) , dropping 18 points , 14 rebounds , and six assists .
Sacramento ( 4 - 8 ) , meanwhile , continues to struggle early in the season despite strong play from their stars .
The Lakers shooting guard finished with 14 points on 3 - of - 12 shooting in 26 minutes off the bench , although starting point guard D'Angelo Russell looked stronger after playing the second game of a back - to - back .
The outlier as compared to most Golden_State games this season was Stephen Curry , who started the game 0 - for - 5 from the field , but made up for his off shooting with six assists in the first quarter .
The seemingly ageless Joe Johnson continued to torment the Celtics , tallying 21 points , six rebounds and four assists after having hung 20 points on them Saturday .
The Kings ( 9 - 15 ) came away with a blowout win to snap a three - game losing streak , but it took its toll on the home team , as they lost Rudy Gay ( hip flexor ) and Ben McLemore ( quad ) during the game .
J.J Hickson ( knee ) returned from a one game absence , finishing with four points and six rebounds over 24 minutes off the bench .
The 25 - year - old posted his fourth double - double in the last six contests with 22 points , 15 rebounds , seven assists and a pair of blocks over 39 minutes .
Guard Gary Harris also returned to the starting lineup , scoring 12 points on 5 - of - 10 shooting .
Crawford showed a some rust , finishing with just four points on 2 - of - 7 shooting in 19 minutes , but should be able to round back into form for the postseason .
Tyson Chandler returned from a three - game absence and finished with four points and 14 rebounds over 28 minutes .
His jumper as time expired snapped a 99 - 99 deadlock and capped off a 40 - point effort , while carrying Chicago back to .500 on the season .
Omer Asik was held scoreless in 13 minutes on the court , while Jrue Holiday pitched in seven points , four assists , three rebounds , and a steal in his season - high 25 minutes of playing time .
Dennis Schroder returned from a two game absence , but he was capped to just 15 minutes on the floor .
Boozer finished with 12 points and 13 rebounds , as he posted his second double - double in a row .
McCollum valiantly returned from his own ailment ( two sprained ankles ) on Wednesday to attempt to provide some offensive punch in the All-Star point guard 's absence , but Portland fell woefully short overall , despite facing a Pelicans defense that came in yielding a league - worst 108 points per game .
Curry was not able to string together scoring runs , but still led all scorers with 33 points , which marked his fifth consecutive 30 - plus point game , and added four rebounds and four assists on 12 - of - 25 shooting .
After posting 24 points and 10 rebounds Sunday , he 's clearly on a roll and has picked his game up of late .
He finished with 14 points ( 6 - 10 FG , 2 - 4 FT ) and 11 rebounds , notching him his second double - double in a row .
Ersan Ilyasova ( concussion ) returned from nine - game absence , putting up four points and four rebounds in 16 minutes off the bench .
On a more positive note , star power forward Blake Griffin continued his campaign to establish himself as one of the league 's premier players , scoring 18 points on solid 7 - for - 14 shooting and pulling down 11 rebounds .
Sacramento , losers of two straight after falling to the Lakers on Tuesday , got 24 points from Darren Collison and 21 from Ben McLemore .
It was Favors ' third on the year , as he finished with 16 points and 12 rebounds , while Kanter contributed his first of the season with 14 points and 11 rebounds .
The “ Stifle Tower ” blocked three shots and grabbed five rebounds , to go along with 10 points on 3 - of - 3 shooting against the Lakers in his second game back on Sunday .
Portland 's recent struggles have affected its playoff standing , but the Trail_Blazers were able to pull off a victory to temporarily stop the bleeding .
The Clippers ( 28 - 14 ) have been a different team since Chris Paul returned from injury , as this marks their sixth - straight win .
Rajon Rondo is n't known for his scoring and that was apparent Wednesday night , as he went 0 - for - 7 from the field and failed to score a point for the first time since becoming a Maverick .
Donald Sloan continued his recent stretch of solid play as a starter , coming an assist short of a double - double with 12 points , nine dimes , a rebound and a steal .
Nerlens Noel was able to notch his fourth double - double of the season , as he finished with 13 points ( 5 - 13 FG , 3 - 3 FT ) and 12 rebounds .
Despite the loss , point guard Russell Westbrook tallied his 51st double - double of the season and was just one assist shy of a league - leading 17th triple double .
Ricky Rubio made his return from a five - game absence due to an elbow injury , to accrue seven points , six rebounds and six assists in the defeat .
Despite entering the game with some uncertainty regarding how much playing time he ’ d receive while he continued to experience blurred vision , Derrick Rose turned in a strong outing for the Bulls , contributing 18 points and five assists in 32 minutes .
The Pacers ( 29 - 28 ) came in to Thursday 's contest hoping to snap a five - game losing streak , but were also running on fumes after two games in the previous three nights .
He came just shy of his first ever triple - double , as he finished with 16 points , nine rebounds and 10 assists .
He registered eight points , three rebounds and a pair of steals in only 19 minutes of action , equaling his lowest allotment of playing time on the season .
The Rockets continued their early season struggles and fell to 5 - 10 , while the Grizzlies improved to 9 - 7 .
Paul Gasol recorded his seventh consecutive double - double in the Bulls ' losing effort , putting up 18 points on 7 - of - 17 shooting and 10 rebounds in 34 minutes .
The six - year pro 's outstanding defense and improved shooting have certainly been key to many a Celtics victory this season , and Bradley put together a solid effort in his return .
Russell Westbrook added his league - leading 16th triple - double of the season with 26 points ( 10 - 16 FG ) , 12 assists and 11 rebounds , the latter both representing game highs .
Steph Curry really struggled , putting together one of his worst performances of the season and finishing with just 11 points on a brutal 4 - of - 18 shooting from the field .
The good news here is that Nicolas Batum returned from his four - game absence from a toe injury to tally nine points , six rebounds and seven assists in the defeat .
Hayward completed another game with 20 - plus points , and is among the Top 15 scorers in the NBA , adding to his impressive start to the season with 28 points on 8 - of - 16 shooting .
He did that damage on 12 - of - 20 shooting , while also bringing down five rebounds .
Mudiay added four rebounds and six assists , but played with patience throughout the game and only turned the ball over four times , which he has improved upon as the season went on .
DeMar DeRozan continued his scoring exhibition , as he tallied 26 points , seven rebounds and four assists on 9 - of - 18 shooting .
DeAndre Jordan stepped up in Griffin 's absence though , totaling 21 points and 23 rebounds in the loss .
Harrison Barnes , the only Warrior to play every game this season , secured his sixth double - double with 13 points and 12 rebounds in 29 minutes .
Thaddeus Young ( knee ) returned to the starting lineup after a two - game absence , scoring eight points ( 4 - 11 FG , 0 - 3 3Pt ) .
Tobias Harris did n't have the offensive numbers he 's come accustomed to this year , as he finished with only 12 points ( 5 - 13 FG , 2 - 3 3Pt , 0 - 1 FT ) and six rebounds .
Kobe Bryant was able to battle through his perennially sore shoulder for a second straight night , amassing 17 points , three rebounds , two assists and a block .
The Sixers ( 15 - 26 ) have shown notable improvement this season , in large part thanks to former first - round pick Joel Embiid finally being at full health .
Serge Ibaka had his second - straight disappointing game for the Magic , as he tallied just four points and three rebounds in 19 minutes of play .
Zach Randolph , who finished with six points and 10 rebounds , failed to record a double - double for just the second time in 15 games since returning from a knee injury .
Sacramento had to play this game without Rajon Rondo , but it opened up the door for Seth Curry to drop a career - high 19 points off the bench .
LaMarcus Aldridge continued his great form , as he led the team with 27 points and eight rebounds on 10 - of - 12 shooting .
While the absence of Dirk Nowitzki ( DNP-rest ) might be looked at as a potential deterrent for the team , the Mavericks ' wide array of depth was able to overcome Nowitzki 's absence .
The Grizzlies ( 22 - 14 ) benefited from the return of star point guard Mike Conley , who 'd missed the previous two contests with a toe injury .
Russell Westbrook buried a 20 - foot jumper with :1 remaining to put the Thunder up two points with barely enough time for Alec Burkes to miss the three point attempt , which put an end to Utah 's ( 29 - 17 ) six game winning streak .
At center , Tyson Chandler made his regular season debut with the Mavericks and finished with eight points and 10 rebounds .
Nikola Vucevic continued his hot streak , finishing with 25 points and 13 rebounds for the second straight game .
Joseph shot an outstanding 15 - of - 22 from the field , more than making up for the absence of the All-Star-caliber player he replaced .
After failing to play more than 21 minutes in any of his three previous games , Pau Gasol was able to record his first double - double in a Spurs uniform in 31 minutes of action in the win .
The Blazers ( 14 - 21 ) were also without a star player , as Damian Lillard missed his third straight game with a sprained ankle .
After spending the first part of his career playing alongside or behind Cousins in the rotation , Cauley-Stein had a breakout game on Thursday , scoring 29 points on 14 - of - 22 shooting to go along with 10 rebounds .
Lou Williams , in addition to hitting the game - winning shot , scored 13 points on 5 - of - 15 shooting , while Kyle Lowry ( back ) returned to the starting lineup after sitting the last seven games to post 10 points , eight rebounds and seven assists in 33 minutes .
Zaza Pachulia managed only nine points and was the sole Mavs starter that failed to tally double - digit scoring , but he brought down an impressive 17 rebounds and collected five steals .
The Lakers flashed some signs of optimism , with sophomore Julius Randle finishing with 18 points and 12 rebounds , which completed his third double - double of the season .
Mudiay struggled in the debut of his sophomore season , shooting just 2 - of - 8 from the field for 11 points on top of managing just three assists .
Michael Carter-Williams also returned to the starting - five and tallied 24 points , four rebounds and four assists in the loss .
Josh Richardson continued his solid rookie season with 11 points , two rebounds and an assist in a reserve role .
Bouncing back from a six - point game Sunday , Carlos Boozer was able to notch his first double - double of the season , as he finished with 20 points and 10 rebounds .
Jonas Valanciunas recorded his first double - double in six games , recording 14 points on 7 - of - 12 shooting and 12 rebounds in 26 minutes .
Shawn Marion returned to action after missing Friday 's game with a hip injury and posted six points in 22 minutes .
Philadelphia pulled off the shocking road upset with the help of an early exit from Suns offensive linchpin Eric Bledsoe , who suffered a sprained knee in the second quarter .
Lastly , Bembry , who has only occasionally seen quality minutes this season , played 21 minutes and shot 5 - of - 6 from the field en route to scoring a season - high 10 points and grabbing a season - high three rebounds .
Nikola Vucevic has been the other bright spot , and he posted his fourth double - double in as many games , finishing with 19 points and 13 rebounds .
Stephen Curry recored his second straight double - double to start the season .
Patrick Beverley ( hamstring ) returned to action for the Rockets after missing four game .
Thomas Robinson , seeing extended action as part of the trickle - down effect of Ivica Zubac 's season - ending ankle injury , managed 16 points , nine boards , three assists and one steal .
The league ’ s best passing point guard upped his leading assists per game statistic after registering 18 dimes , to go along with seven points and eight rebounds .
Nikola Vucevic continued to post strong offensive numbers , chipping in 17 points to go along with five rebounds .
He managed 19 points , 11 rebounds and a pair of assists for his second double - double in the last three games .
Kaminsky posted a 23 - point , 13 - rebound double - double that also included three assists and two steals to lead the way for Charlotte , his fifth straight double - digit scoring effort and third double - double in the last seven contests .
Without offensive stand - outs Jimmy Butler ( elbow ) and Derrick Rose ( knee ) , the Bulls were forced to rely on Aaron Brooks ( 22 points ) and Pau Gasol ( 23 points ) .
Nikola Vucevic came off the bench to record 12 points and 10 rebounds on 5 - of - 14 shooting .
DeMar DeRozan failed to reach 30 points for the first time all season , as he dropped 23 on 7 - of - 20 shooting in the loss .
Frye was a game - time decision Tuesday , meaning he is likely to return to action soon .