The host Golden_State Warriors took down the Los_Angeles Lakers in their season finale on Wednesday , 109 - 94 .
Denver , which has won two straight after beating Memphis on Saturday , was led by 34 points from Arron Afflalo .
The 27 - year - old posted his second - best scoring night of the season with a game - high 33 points , and was considerably aggressive with 29 shot attempts .
Carmelo Anthony continued to struggle , going 8 - of - 20 from the field en route to 20 points and nine rebounds .
The Portland Trail_Blazers defeated the visiting Utah Jazz , 113 - 104 , in the first game of the season on Tuesday .
Harden paced the Rockets with a 31 - point , 10 - assist double - double , his ninth in the last 10 games .
Austin Rivers led all scorers with 28 points , which is a new career - high for the young guard .
A strong shooting night overall helped the Hornets ( 15 - 13 ) score an impressive road victory over their conference rival .
The Boston Celtics ( 26 - 21 ) secured their fourth win in a row , defeating the visiting Denver Nuggets ( 17 - 29 ) 111 - 103 on Wednesday .
Dwight Howard also made his return from a suspension for the Rockets in this game , as he tallied nine points and seven assists while battling foul trouble across 22 minutes of play .
The Lakers ( 11 - 18 ) broke an eight - game losing streak as they came together to defeat the 76ers ( 6 - 20 ) .
The Clippers improved to 40 - 7 on the season when Paul surpasses 20 points , as well as picking up a needed win to keep the 3 - seed within striking distance after a resilient 10 game stretch .
The Bulls received their usual solid performance from Jimmy Butler ( 26 points on 10 - of - 16 shooting ) , but failed to get many contributions from the rest of the starting lineup .
Alex Len started for Tyson Chandler once again , amassing 11 points and 10 rebounds en route to a double - double .
Rodney Hood matched Mack ’ s efficient game with a game high 28 points including four buckets from behind the arc .
Jabari Parker had a career night as he tallied a double - double with a career - high 28 points ( 11 - 21 FG , 6 - 7 FT ) and a season - high 13 rebounds , in 51 minutes .
Russell Westbrook 's 32nd career triple - double vaulted him into second place on the all - time leaderboard and led the Thunder .
The Magic continued to see Nikola Vucevic shine , as he recorded his fifth double - double of the season , going off for 27 points and 12 rebounds .
Aaron Gordon stepped up a second straight formidable effort on the glass , totaling 10 points , 11 boards , four assists and a steal .
Kevin Love continued to alternate double - and - single - digit point efforts , amassing 20 points , eight rebounds , five assists , a pair of blocks and a steal .
Nick Young provided his best game of the young season with 22 points and seven rebounds , in addition to three buckets from behind the arc .
He finished with just 11 points on 4 - for - 12 shooting , but still finished as the team ’ s second - leading scorer .
Center Rudy Gobert once again played strong basketball , scoring 13 points on 5 - of - 7 shooting and pulling down 14 rebounds .
The Rockets came in to the game with a simple mission ; prevail over a significantly undermanned Kings squad and by doing so , clinch the final Western_Conference playoff spot .
Michael Kidd-Gilchrist recorded his fourth double - double of the season , 17 points and 12 rebounds in 36 minutes , as the only other Hornet to play more than 30 minutes .
On Friday , veteran Maverick Dirk Nowitzki returned from injury in surprisingly big fashion .
It was a new season - high in points for him and a nice bounce back outing , after posting only six points in Sunday 's loss to the Grizzlies .
The All-Star entered the game having played 43 minutes the night before , but still logged a whopping 48 minutes on the night .
Stephen Curry added to his Christmas Day struggles , as he totaled 15 points and three assists on 4 - of - 11 from the field , The Warriors next game wo n't be until Wednesday , when they host the Toronto Raptors .
The Toronto Raptors ( 30 - 15 ) notched their 30th win of the season Tuesday , defeating the Indiana Pacers ( 16 - 31 ) 104 - 91 at the Bankers_Life_Fieldhouse .
Green is starting to gain more attention for his status in the league , and the power forward only added to his impressive 2015 - 2016 campaign with 15 points , nine rebounds , six assists and two blocks in 38 minutes .
The Heat ( 17 - 30 ) checked in to Friday with only seven road wins in 24 games away from American_Airlines_Arena , but with a potential opportunity to steal a victory against a Bulls ( 23 - 25 ) squad currently besieged by internal spats between Rajon Rondo and team leaders Jimmy Butler and Dwyane Wade .
Despite taking the loss , Dirk Nowitzki continued his strong play .
Roy Hibbert ( ankle ) missed a third straight game Friday , but David West ( ankle ) made his season debut , stepping immediately into the starting lineup at power forward .
He also complemented the scoring with five rebounds , three assists , a pair of steals and a block , all over a robust 34 minutes that provided unequivocable proof that Irving is back at full strength and ready to contribute to a Cavs championship push .
The best player on this evening was Mason Plumlee though , as he put in a career performance .
Pau Gasol had another huge game , recording 13 points and 17 rebounds to notch his league - leading 27th double - double .
The Knicks led just about the whole way as they snapped their four - game losing streak with a decisive home win .
Golden_State bounced back from a tough loss Friday in Oklahoma City to beat a Rockets team that beat that same team 112 - 101 the previous night .
Miami ( 14 - 19 ) got 18 points in 38 minutes from Bosh , who was playing in his second game back after missing time with a calf injury .
Priority one was likely putting the clamps on ageless veteran Dirk Nowitzki , who had scorched them for a season - high 40 points just three nights prior .
Monday , the rookie reached another milestone in his young career , hauling in an outstanding 16 boards and posting his third - highest scoring total of the season with 25 points .
DeAndre Jordan hit the first three - pointer of his career , the lone Clippers ' highlight in the blowout loss .
Goran Dragic also continued his recent good form , as he totaled 16 points , five assists , three rebounds and two steals in the victory .
Thomas , the Celtics ' leader in scoring average , led the team once again with 27 points .
The Toronto Raptors ( 43 - 30 ) clinched the Atlantic Division for the second straight season with a 94 - 83 win over the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 19 - 52 ) .
Randy Foye was the only other Nugget in double figures , but continued the poor shooting trend , as he finished with 10 points on 5 - for - 14 shooting ( 0 - 4 from 3 - point range ) , to along with 3 rebounds in 22:42 off the bench .
The forward tandem of Rudy Gay and Omri Casspi pitched in with 16 and 13 points , respectively , while Rajon Rondo put together a vintage performance that exemplifies what he can bring to the table when his game is hitting on all cylinders .
Nikola Vucevic made his return from a back injury to drop 21 points , 10 rebounds , four assists and three blocks off the bench .
Kemba Walker played great off his all - star berth on Thursday , scoring a game - high 31 points to accompany 10 rebounds and five assists .
Dwyane Wade paced the Bulls with 21 points after a two - game absence due to a thigh injury .
Fans got to witness a breakout night from a rookie on Wednesday as Sacramento 's Skal Labissiere torched the Suns for 32 points on 11 - of - 15 shooting .
DeMar DeRozan 's career - high 43 - point tally led Toronto .
Rondae Hollis-Jefferson had his best game of the season , accumulating 11 points , eight rebounds , six assists and four steals in the loss .
The rookie collected 18 points , seven rebounds , three assists , three steals , and two blocks , while helping to hold the Pistons center to his second - lowest total of boards in a game this season .
Seth Curry was once again his trusty wingman , providing 21 points , four rebounds , three assists and two steals .
Embiid dropped a career - high 26 points in this win , doing that damage in just 20 minutes of action .
Nikola Vucevic continues to thrive in his new role off the bench though , as he tallied 18 points , 11 rebounds and three blocks in the defeat .
Georgian center Zaza Pachulia , whose campaign for the NBA All-Star game nearly landed him a starting nod , also notched a double - double , recording 16 points and 12 rebounds .
The Knicks were held to just 39 percent from the field as they dropped their fifth straight game .
The newly - acquired Arron Afflalo made his debut with the Blazers , playing 24 minutes off the bench and putting up eight points and four rebounds .
The Clippers ( 29 - 14 ) rolled past the Thunder ( 25 - 18 ) at home en route to a seventh straight victory .
The Hawks were also able to force the Celtics into 17 turnovers , while committing only 12 of their own , helping push their winning streak to ten in a row .
The Lakers were led by forward Julius Randle , who had 19 points , 14 rebounds , and 11 assists for his third career triple - double .
Only one team was able to walk away with a perfect record , and the Westbrook led Thunder made that happen on their way to a 40 start to the season .
In what has almost become a normal night for the superstar , Russell Westbrook posted a massive triple - double .
The Warriors ( 49 - 9 ) have made minced meat of much of the league this season and a home matchup against an eight - win Nets team is simply unfair .
Three other members of the first unit also scored at least 20 points , including Tobias Harris who posted his third straight 20 - plus - point performance with 21 points overall .
Recent acquisition Joe Johnson led the Heat with 28 points , his highest - scoring performance in a Miami uniform .
Jeff Teague had his best game in a Pacer uniform , scoring a team - high 21 points on 9 - of - 14 shooting with six dimes in the win .
The return of Jeremy Lamb recently has been a welcomed one , as he scored 17 points ( 5 - 13 FG , 2 - 3 3Pt , 5 - 6 FT ) with nine rebounds and four assists .
Alex Len followed up his career night on Friday with a modest performance Saturday , puting up just four points and three rebounds in 18 minutes off the bench .
Isaiah Thomas was once again the star , as he tallied 37 points , three rebounds and eight assists .
Derrick Rose also scored 18 points , adding eight rebounds and eight assists in one of his best games of the season .
The Warriors played great team - ball , as they dished out 30 - plus assists for the 22nd time this season , which is easily tops in the league .
Chris Paul made his return from a two - game absence to tally 21 points , eight rebounds and six assists in the defeat .
For the Rockets ( 6 - 5 ) , while Harden continued to be a great floor leader , he struggled to put together a stellar offensive performance , scoring just 13 points on 4 - of - 16 shooting .
The Cleveland Cavaliers notched their third straight win as they rolled over the visiting Brooklyn Nets 119 - 99 , at Quicken_Loans_Arena on Friday evening .
Memphis showed Tuesday what makes them one of the top teams in the Western_Conference , by rebounding from the blowout loss to the Warriors and responding with a resounding victory of their own on the road .
His point total led a Warriors attack that helped preserve Golden_State 's perfect home record .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 39 - 8 ) passed one of the toughest tests they 've gotten during their remarkable 18 - game winning streak , fending off the Portland Trail_Blazers ( 32 - 15 ) 105 - 99 Friday at the Philips_Arena .
Shooting guard Khris Middleton had one of his most dominant performances of the season , scoring a game - high 27 points to go with six rebounds , nine assists , and five steals .
The Nets came into this game with four road wins on the season fought hard in a tough circumstance .
The San_Antonio Spurs ( 52 - 26 ) continued their torrid stretch Tuesday with a 113 - 88 win over the Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 42 - 36 ) at the Chesapeake_Energy_Arena .
He got some help from Josh Smith , with Smith hitting a career - high four three - pointers for the third time in the last six games , showing off what may be an improved jumper thanks to the Rockets ' coaching .
The Mavericks received another outstanding effort from the resurgent Wesley Matthews , who continues to round back into form after the Achilles surgery that cut short his 2014 - 15 campaign in Portland .
The Wizards ( 49 - 33 ) were locked into the four - seed in the east prior to this game , so this loss is far from an issue for this title contender .
Charlotte , which has won two straight after dropping 10 in a row , outscored the Celtics 33 - 21 in the third quarter , opened the period on a 14 - 6 run , taking a 54 - 51 lead on a Gerald Henderson three - pointer with 7:37 remaining .
The San_Antonio Spurs used stifling defense to defeat the host Utah Jazz , 96 - 78 , on Thursday for their fourth consecutive road victory .
Hassan Whiteside tallied his third straight double - double , compiling 14 points , 10 rebounds , two steals and two blocks in 33 minutes .
Kemba Walker , who has been on a tear over the last week , including two 30 - plus point performances , contributed 22 points , seven rebounds and three assists on 9 - of - 21 shooting .
Houston actually had one of the worst shooting nights of the season in the NBA , as they went 3 - for - 34 from three - point range in the win .
Jae Crowder furthered his case as one of the most improved offensive players in the league with 25 points , six rebounds , an assist , three steals and a block .
The Thunder were a 17 - point favorite in this game and narrowly had one of their worst losses of the year .
Leonard complemented the scoring outburst with a career - high seven assists and an impressive three steals on the defensive end .
His partner in the backcourt John Wall struggled shooting from the field , going just 6 - of - 20 overall and 2 - of - 7 from behind the arc , but he did record 15 points and 15 assists - - his second double - double in a row and fourth in the last five games .
Bulls star Jimmy Butler scored a season - high 52 points , leading his team and recording the NBA 's third 50 - point game in the last four days .
The All-Star also has n't been shooting the ball at an efficient rate as of late , with Tuesday 's 54 percent performance from the field being his best since last Wednesday when he hit 57 percent of his shots in a loss to Portland .
Russell Westbrook exploded for 26 points , a career - high 22 assists and 11 rebounds , his 50th career triple - double .
Brooklyn ( 5 - 12 ) came into this game in the midst of a seven - game losing streak , but snapped that with a huge upset here .
Jae Crowder also entered the night nursing a bruised shin suffered in that contest , a particularly concerning development given that he would be charged with defending Carmelo Anthony .
James Harden was once again the story of the night as he torched the Suns for his sixth 40 - point performance of the season .
Isaiah Thomas led the team once again , as he tallied 29 points , three rebounds and seven assists .
James Harden recorded yet another triple - double , as he accumulated 30 points , 13 rebounds , 10 assists and five steals on 10 - of - 15 shooting .
Joel Embiid insured the Sixers ' second straight foray into overtime against the Pacers paid off , tallying 25 points , seven rebounds , two assists and a block .
The Lakers ( 6 - 4 ) have been one of the surprise teams of the league and they took advantage of a disheartened Pelicans team here .
Hayward played like an All-Star on Thursday , snapping a cold streak to shoot 7 - of - 14 for 24 points .
The Mavericks shot an NBA season - high 26 three - point attempts in the first half and finished the game 14 - 44 from beyond the arc .
Behind him was Brandon Knight with 21 points on 7 - of - 14 shooting from the field , as well as a surprising performance from Alex Len , who started again in place of Tyson Chandler .
Hassan Whiteside become only the second player in franchise history to start a season with four straight double - doubles by posting 14 points , 11 rebounds , two blocks and a steal , while Luke Babbitt pitched in with 10 points , a rebound and a steal .
The Pelicans ( 45 - 37 ) pulled off a 108 - 103 victory over the Spurs ( 55 - 27 ) on Wednesday , clinching a playoff berth .
Luis Scola also put in an 18 - point , five - rebound line and he 's been a darkhorse hero for this team all season .
Stephen Curry and Klay Thompson drained seven three - pointers - - becoming the only pair of teammates in NBA history to accomplish the feat in the same game more than once - - on the way to respective totals of 27 and 21 points .
LaMarcus Aldridge 's 19 point , 13 rebound double - double made him Portland 's all - time leader in double - doubles .
The Hawks ( 38 - 36 ) had lost seven - straight headed into this game , so to say this win was needed would be a drastic understatement .
Ibaka recorded a 22 - point , 13 rebound double - double , giving him his third on the year .
The game comes on the heels of a historic night for Westbrook on Friday , in which the guard recorded the first 50 - point triple - double since 1975 .
Thad Young , who posted a season - high 27 points ( 11 - 17 FG , 0 - 1 3Pt , 5 - 6 FT ) , scored 15 of his 27 in the third quarter to keep the Hornets from running away with the game .
Danilo Gallinari , as he has often done this season , spearheaded the Nuggets ' offensive attack with a 24 - point , seven - rebound performance , his second consecutive game over the 20 - point mark .
Ironically , Draymond secured his league - leading ninth triple - double of the season in the emphatic win over the Knicks .
His performance Wednesday night was the worst of them all , with Bledsoe shooting just 3 - of - 15 while still managing to come up with 16 points thanks to some good free throw shooting .
Emmanuel Mudiay closed out his first season in the NBA with an impressive 25 point scoring performance , which led the game .
Jonas Valanciunas recorded a double - double of 17 points and 10 rebounds in 27 minutes , and the effort was his third double - double in four outings .
Tobias Harris ' team - high 24 points helped the Pistons notch just their second road victory of the season .
The Minnesota Timberwolves ( 9 - 12 ) survived a comeback attempt from the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 3 - 19 ) to win in overtime , 123 - 122 , Wednesday night at the Target_Center to break a four - game losing streak .
Toronto ( 28 - 16 ) was demolished by the Hornets on Friday and was unable to rebound from the loss on Sunday afternoon .
Harden notched his third triple - double of the season , with 26 points , 14 assists and 12 rebounds , in 32 minutes .
Curry neared his career high , scoring 29 to lead the team and hitting 5 - of - 7 from beyond the arc .
Carmelo Anthony was spectacular once again , as he accumulated 31 points , seven rebounds and three steals in the defeat .
The San_Antonio Spurs ( 31 - 7 ) destroyed the Utah Jazz ( 15 - 19 ) 123 - 98 to continue their torrid run at home on Wednesday night .
The Lakers ( 20 - 45 ) picked up their 20th win of the season after D'Angelo Russell buried 28 points on 10 - of - 20 shooting in a win over the Suns ( 21 - 44 ) .
Kyrie Irving continued his journey back from the fractured kneecap he suffered the last time he 'd faced this Warriors squad in the 2015 Finals , playing a season - high 26 minutes and managing 13 points , three rebounds , two assists and a steal .
The Warriors put on a clinic against the Thunder as they secured their fourth straight win .
Bradley Beal dropped a career - high in the win , as he scored 42 points on 14 - of - 22 shooting .
Kevin Martin made his return to the Timberwolves on Wednesday , scoring a team - high 21 points off the bench .
Giannis Antetokounmpo notched his fifth triple - double of the season as he led Milwaukee to its 23rd win at home .
He also got it done on the boards though , posting a season - high of 14 rebounds .
He joined in the “ 20 and Over ” club by Luol Deng ( 20 points , six rebounds , an assist , and a block ) , whose scoring marked a season best .
He was very efficient in his time on the court , matching a season - high in points .
Newly acquired point guard Goran Dragic had his first double - double in a Heat jersey , with 23 points and 10 assists .
The visiting Dallas Mavericks took down the host Portland Trail_Blazers on Wednesday , 96 - 95 .. Dallas ( 8 - 21 ) is now 6 - 8 in its last 14 games after a dismal 2 - 13 start .
Utah also kept their streak intact , losing for the fifth consecutive game , despite Gordon Hayward 's game - high 30 points .
The Blazers ( 19 - 27 ) checked in to Saturday with only seven road wins in 25 tries this season , and appeared to be facing particularly long odds against a Celtics ( 26 - 17 ) squad that had won seven of their past nine contests .
Amir Johnson had one of his more productive games with 11 points , five rebounds , an assist , a steal and a block , but Al Horford underwhelmed with nine points , five rebounds , four assists and a pair of stuffs .
As has often been the case during forward Derrick Favors ' extended absence , Gordon Hayward spearheaded the Jazz 's attack .
Donatas Motiejunas was quiet in his second game back , with six points , five rebounds and two assists , in 19 minutes off the bench .
Meanwhile , Alex Len turned in an outstanding performance while making his second start in place of Tyson Chandler ( hamstring ) , posting a 13 - point , 14 - rebound double - double , and filling out the stat sheet with a pair of assists , a pair of steals and three blocks .
Alex Abrines , however , did have a surprise performance off the bench Wednesday , scoring 18 points in 30 minutes - - just his second double - digit performance of the season .
The Kings were a one - man show on Friday , with DeMarcus Cousins once again posting team highs in points , rebounds , and assists .
He 's had two solid showings in a row , combining for 39 points , 10 rebounds and nine assists over that span .
Nikola Vucevic also had a double - double , his seventh in succession , scoring 11 points ( 4 - 15 FG , 3 - 4 FT ) with 13 rebounds , including seven on the offensive glass .
For the Magic , it was Elfrid Payton who shined , recording 20 points , 12 assists and four rebounds to notch his second double - double in January .
D'Angelo Russell sat this one out for rest but nonetheless , five players scored in double figures for the Lakers , including Nick Young who drained a career - high eight three - pointers , on his way to a game - high 32 points , on 12 - of - 19 shooting , in 38 minutes .
John Smith could not find success in his first game against the team that released him last month , shooting 3 - of - 11 from the field .
Omer Asik got his first double - double of the season , scoring 14 points and pulling in 17 rebounds .
It was a season - high in minutes for the guard , as he took advantage of the extra time with his second 15 - point showing in a row .
E'twaun Moore bounced back from a lackluster effort on Friday to produce 19 points , three rebounds , three assists and a steal .
Jrue Holiday 's offensive downturn continued , but he did fill out the stat sheet with 12 points , nine assists and four rebounds , although he shot just 4 - of - 14 from the field .
Rookie Dario Saric scored a career - high 29 points and Jahlil Okafor added 23 to lead the 76ers , who oddly might have been better off losing to the Lakers .
Dion Waiters also had a solid outing and finished with 21 points , marking the second time in the last three games that he 's finished with that number .
He was coming off an impressive 19 - point showing on Sunday , so it was somewhat of a let - down performance .
Kobe Bryant led the team in scoring with 20 points , but hit just seven of the 26 shots he attempted , and finished a game - worst - 21 in plus/minus .
The Toronto Raptors ( 56 - 26 ) closed out their best season in franchise history on Wednesday with a 103 - 96 win over the Brooklyn Nets ( 21 - 61 ) .
Brooklyn ( 7 - 18 ) has really struggled on the defensive end this season and a 118 - point outing to the 29th ranked offense shows just that .
Devin Booker cooled down a bit after an impressive 10 game stretch , but still added 18 points and 11 assists to complete a double - double for the rookie guard .
Young players had the chance to shine , however , as forward Thomas Robinson notched a career - high 17 rebounds in the contest .
Jusuf Nurkic took another positive step in his gradual return to action , collecting six points , six rebounds and a block over 18 minutes off the bench .
Wednesday night against the Mavericks , Aldridge notched his lowest scoring total - - five points - - since joining San_Antonio , and he did so in 32 minutes of playing time .
James Harden was once again the catalyst , accumulating 29 points , six rebounds , 10 assists , three steals and two blocks .
One positive is that Derrick Rose returned here as he scored 16 points in 29 minutes .
After losing two straight , the Raptors were able to get back on the right track and take a victory over the Kings on Tuesday .
Ibaka was right behind him with his first 20 - point - plus performance in a Magic uniform , supplying 21 points , four rebounds and two blocks .
The Croation wing was taken with the fifth overall pick in the most recent NBA draft , and had arguably the strongest performance of his young career against Chicago .
Kemba Walker finished with a game - high 28 points in just 28 minutes , and oft - derided big man , Bismack Biyombo scored a career - high 14 points to help grab a double - double with 12 rebounds in just 21 minutes .
After his 42 - point , 10 rebound , seven - assist performance Wednesday , Westbrook has now accumulated a total of 88 points , 21 rebounds and 14 rebounds over just his last two games .
Damian Lillard has shot below 42 percent from the field in four - straight games , but he cracked that trend here , with a 8 - of - 14 night for 18 points .
James Harden once again carried the load , as he collected 27 points , three rebounds and nine assists .
Amar ' e Stoudemire started in place of Hassan Whiteside , who missed his sixth game with a sore hip .
Josh Richardson scored 18 points , the second - highest outcome of his rookie year , on a brilliant 7 - 9 shooting night ( 3 - 4 3PT ) .
J.J. Barea once again led the team with 27 points to mark his fourth - straight 20 - point game .
The Kings ( 7 - 10 ) ran away with their seventh win of the season in the third quarter against the Nets ( 4 - 12 ) .
The Bulls were a depleted team coming into the contest , having endured 68 minutes of basketball in a quadruple - overtime loss to the Detroit Pistons one night earlier .
His play brought his team to the winner 's circle with a much needed victory to keep his team ahead of the Oklahoma_City Thunder in the Western_Conference playoff race .
This victory gave the Spurs 43 - straight win in their home building and they used an unlikely recipe .
Lou Williams was one of the lone bright spots for Los_Angeles , as he increased his trade value yet again with 21 points off the bench on 7 - of - 13 shooting from the field .
Reggie Jackson continued to ramp up his minutes in his third game back from offseason knee problems , totaling 10 points , three rebounds , two assists and a block over 26 minutes .
They have now won their last two games thanks in large part to the explosive play of a now - healthy Jeremy Lamb , who scored 21 points and grabbed nine rebounds in the team 's win over Memphis on Monday night .
Julius Randle was a bright spot for the Lakers , as he collected 13 points , 18 rebounds and 10 assists en route to his third career triple - double .
The Rockets chose to start Corey Brewer over Eric Gordon for the first time this season , but Gordon still played 31 minutes and scored 11 points , while Brewer scored just four points in 16 minutes .
Meanwhile , Bojan Bogdanovic suprised with his first career double - double , which came on a 12 - point , 12 - rebound effort .
The Pacers received more than they likely bargained for from a feistly Lakers squad that perhaps played with a bit more fire than usual , following Kobe Bryant 's announcement earlier in the day confirming his retirement at season 's end .
D'Angelo Russell scored a career - high 27 points off the bench in a spectacular performance as well .
The Golden_State Warriors ( 63 - 13 ) continued their march to the playoffs with another convincing win Saturday , defeating the Dallas Mavericks ( 46 - 31 ) , 123 - 110 , at the American_Airlines_Center .
Free of having to bump bodies with Cousins all night , Bosh posted 23 points , 11 rebounds , four assists and a block in one of his most complete performances of the year .
The New_York Knicks ( 18 - 19 ) took down the Miami Heat ( 21 - 14 ) on Wednesday , 98 - 90 , in a battle of two of the Eastern_Conference 's most improved teams .
He just had a 30 - point , seven - assist performance against the Oklahoma City Thunder on Tuesday , so it was another impressive showing for the rookie , who continues to display a lot of potential for the future .
The Grizzlies badly needed a slump buster , as they had lost three straight in a tough stretch of their schedule against the Cavaliers , Warriors and Spurs coming into Monday .
DeMarcus Cousins has been the best player in the world in that stretch and he continued it here , by recording 24 points , 15 rebounds , five assists and three steals in the win .
Richaun Holmes got the start and had the game of his career though , totaling 24 points , 14 rebounds and four assists .
Kevin Durant was the only major addition since the Finals matchup last season and he showed just how good he can be , as he dropped game - highs with 36 points and 15 rebounds .
Thomas , the league 's second - leading scorer , dropped 30 points on the night .
Two of the NBA 's hottest teams met on Wednesday night as the Boston Celtics ( 32 - 23 ) defeated the Los_Angeles Clippers ( 35 - 18 ) in overtime , 139 - 134 .
The normally productive trio of Elfrid Payton , Aaron Gordon and Nicola Vucevic underwhelmed , however , posting a combined 21 points on 8 - of - 21 shooting .
Monday was a particularly poor showing for the Jazz , as the team saw its lowest offensive output of the season .
The visiting Denver Nuggets brought down another playoff hungry team , the Miami Heat , on Sunday , 116 - 113 .
Houston shook off a 111 - 100 loss to Dallas on Friday to notch its 37th win of the season thanks in part to a big game from Corey Brewer .
Seth Curry scored a career - high 21 points , which led the starters as well .
Joel Embiid celebrated the raising of his minutes limit with a 25 - point , 10 - rebound double - double for the Sixers .
James Johnson continued his great form , leading the bench with 19 points , eight rebounds and six assists .
His 30 - point , 15 - assist double - double Wednesday was his second straight and third overall this season .
The Raptors ( 32 - 21 ) had been mostly floundering in the absence of DeMar DeRozan , who 'd missed six of the previous seven games heading into Monday 's contest with an ankle injury .
The potential MVP had one of his worst outings of the season , shooting a dismal 6 - of - 25 from the field and turning the ball over eight times .
Kent Bazemore continued his impressive start to the season , replacing the departing DeMarre Carroll in the starting lineup and providing 10 points , five rebounds , three assists , and one steal in 32 minutes .
Recently-returned superstar Kevin Durant posted a 16 - point , 10 - rebound double - double in just his second game back from a knee injury .
Sean Kilpatrick was the star , as he finished with a career - high 38 points and 14 rebounds .
Julius Randle was especially impressive , as he finished with a career - high 23 points and 14 rebounds in the loss .
The Suns were playing on the second night of a back - to - back and their shooting percentage indicates that they may have been a bit fatigued , as they shot only 41 percent from the field as a team .
Toronto snapped its four - game losing streak Saturday night with solid performances from the likes of Kyle Lowry and Jonas Valanciunas .
Isaiah Thomas , who 'd posted a career - high 52 points in that Dec. 30 victory , decided that he wanted to get the new year off on a momentous note as well .
Meanwhile , the loss ends the Warriors ' ( 38 - 7 ) seven - game win streak , as it ended up being too little too late in the closing moments for the NBA 's top team .
The Pacers ( 1 - 4 ) dropped their fourth straight game , falling to the Celtics 101 - 98 in Boston on Friday night .
The Pacers ( 38 - 40 ) desperately needed this win with their playoff hopes slimming and this win showed some serious resiliency .
Rookie point guard Marcus Smart bounced back after going scoreless against the Los Angeles Clippers on Sunday .
The Sixers ( 4 - 15 ) were once again led by Joel Embiid , who celebrated the raising of his minutes limit by putting together a 25 - point , 10 - rebound double - double that also included four assists .
It was a particularly tough defeat for Chicago , considering their fight to remain relevant in the Eastern_Conference playoff picture , and the fact that they outperformed the Hawks from three - point range ( 41 percent to 23 percent ) and outrebounded them , 58 - 47 .
Sacramento got its second straight win on Sunday with a terrific shooting performance .
Newly-acquired Buddy Hield had his second strong effort in as many games in a Kings uniform , posting a bench - leading 15 points , as well as two assists and one rebound .
Mike Scott paced the Atlanta bench with 15 points of his own , a season high .
In one of the season 's most hotly - anticipated matchups , the Cleveland Cavaliers ( 17 - 7 ) snapped the Oklahoma_City Thunder 's ( 17 - 9 ) six - game win streak .
Speights added 15 points on 4 - of - 8 shooting in 18 minutes off the bench in Saturday ’ s win over the San_Antonio Spurs , which will raise the averages he came into the game with through five contests this season .
The Lakers ( 19 - 41 ) generated a renewed sense of optimism with the hiring of the legendary Magic Johnson to the President of Basketball Operations post at the All-Star break , but the harsh reality of an upstart squad has manifested itself since then .
Orlando ( 13 - 18 ) continues to struggle on offense and a 95 - point effort against the Knicks is another poor showing .
San_Antonio ( 53 - 16 ) snapped a rare two - game losing streak with a massive blowout win on Sunday .
Otto Porter had his best game of the season , totaling 23 points and 13 rebounds on 11 - of - 13 shooting .
Devin Booker has had the chance to shine lately due to some injuries on the Phoenix roster and was at it again as he finished with a game - high 21 points ( 8 - 15 FG , 3 - 6 3Pt , 2 - 3 FT ) , along with three assists , in 26 minutes .
Typically , it 's the spectacular efforts of James Harden that spearhead the Houston attack , but Friday 's path to victory was a bit of a departure from the norm .
Chris Paul collected his 13th double - double of the season , putting up 17 points and 15 assists in 39 minutes .
Kevin Durant 's 29 - point first half is easily his best performance of the season , but it 's even better when you consider he single - handedly outscored the Thunder in the second quarter .
The Pacers ( 1 - 2 ) were perhaps fatigued on the second night of a back - to - back , which began with a loss against Brooklyn on Friday night .
Draymond Green was the hero , as he picked up his league - leading sixth triple - double in the win .
DeMar DeRozan was n't scoring like usual , but he still finished with 14 points , five rebounds and five assists .
As for San_Antonio , their hot start was short - lived , as they not only had an eight - game winning streak come to an end , but they also failed to complete the season sweep of the Warriors .
Chris Bosh posted a game - high 20 points , and added three rebounds and two assists , while fellow veteran Dwyane Wade had a fourth straight strong performance with 19 points , five rebounds , an assist and a steal .
The Thunder were fighting for their playoff lives , as they needed a win and a loss from the Pelicans in order to clinch the eighth and final playoff spot in the Western_Conference .
Rajon Rondo matched Lopez 's scoring total in 24 minutes off the bench .
Curry missed a few big shots late in the game , but he still surpassed the 20 - point mark for the ninth time over his last 10 outings .
He had shot under 40 percent from the field in nine straight games coming into Monday , so it was good to finally see him have a better night with his shot and come out shooting 46 percent from the floor .
The Charlotte Hornets ( 28 - 26 ) notched a road win Sunday against the Brooklyn Nets ( 15 - 40 ) at Barclays_Center , 104 - 96 .
Trevor Ariza also played well and recorded his second double - double of the season with 15 points and 10 rebounds .
He added a surprising 10 rebounds to give him his first double - double of the season and also contributed five assists and six steals .
Rookie Emmanuel Mudiay also managed contribute to in multiple categories recording 18 points , six rebounds , five assists and a season - low two turnovers .
Derrick Favors saw 29 minutes , his highest allotment since returning from a lengthy absence due to knee trouble , and produced 12 points , seven assists and six boards .
Golden_State ( 13 - 2 ) posted the highest scoring total of any team this season , recording 149 points .
Goran Dragic returned from his eye injury to tally 33 points and five rebounds to lead the team .
Hassan Whiteside had 11 points and 10 rebounds to notch his fourth double - double in five games .
However , his 0 - for - 6 three - point tally played a large part in Golden_State 's uncharacteristic 28 percent success rate from behind the arc .
The Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 3 - 6 ) got their first road win of the season , beating the Boston Celtics ( 3 - 4 ) 109 - 94 at the TD_Garden on Wednesday .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 39 - 14 ) defeated their division rival Chicago Bulls ( 27 - 26 ) Thursday night at Quicken_Loans_Arena , 106 - 95 .
Antetokounmpo led the Bucks with 27 points , 13 rebounds , four assists , a steal and three blocks , his second consecutive double - double .
Khris Middleton also continued his scoring ways , as he scored 20 points , but failed to stuff the stat sheet like he usually does .
Anthony had his best game of the season statistically speaking , as he tallied 28 points and 13 rebounds in the loss .
The Timberwolves ( 12 - 26 ) put an end to a four - game losing streak with Monday 's victory , and it was thanks in large part to the monster performance put on by Karl-Anthony Towns .
Eric Bledsoe continued his splendid form , as he accumulated 32 points , three rebounds and eight assists in the defeat .
Warren continues to thrive as a starter , tallying a team - high 26 points , along with six rebounds , an assist , a steal and a block .
The Nuggets ( 10 - 12 ) sent the Heat ( 10 - 12 ) to their fifth loss in six games with a 102 - 82 beatdown in Denver on Wednesday night .
This marks the Suns ( 8 - 17 ) fifth overtime game this season , as they were able to prevail despite choking in the fourth quarter .
Parker had 27 points , while rookie Malcolm Brogdon supplied his first career triple - double with 15 points , 12 assists and 11 rebounds .
Greg Monroe double - doubled once again , as he finished with 21 points and 11 rebounds .
It was an unfortunate home loss for Portland , as they won the rebounding battle , but shot themselves out of what could have been one of the better wins of the season .
Utah was playing the second half of a back - to - back Thursday after taking an 88 - 84 loss at home to Washington on Wednesday .
Denver stopped the bleeding of a seven - game losing streak Wednesday night by beating New Orleans 93 - 85 in New Orleans .
The NBA 's leading rebounder , DeAndre Jordan , continued to clean up the glass , as he collected 17 rebounds , while also adding 10 points ( 5 - 6 FG ) .
The Pelicans ( 33 - 47 ) played this game without Anthony Davis and DeMarcus Cousins , as they had very little to compete with the best team in the league .
Notably , Marco Belinelli contributed a season - high 23 points off the bench in a highly efficient 26 minutes .
However , Bryant was healthy enough to take the floor after all , and posted his second - best scoring total of the season with 19 points on a season best 47 percent shooting .
Wayne Ellington paced the bench with 19 points , and James Johnson continued his strong play with 18 points , eight boards , five assists , two steals and a block .
Rajon Rondo started again and accumulated six points , four rebounds and 10 assists .
Aaron Gordon managed his second straight double - double , totaling 11 points , 11 boards , three assists , three steals and a block .
Kobe Bryant had a decent night shooting the ball as he continues his farewell tour , scoring 21 points on 8 - of - 16 shooting with eight boards and four assists .
The Cavaliers played arguably their worst game of the season , shooting just 35 percent from the field and recording only 11 assists .
After recording two straight double - doubles , rookie Jabari Parker finished the night with 10 points and three rebounds .
In the sixth straight game without the injured Greg Monroe , it was Reggie Jackson leading the team in rebounds with 11 .
The visiting Golden_State Warriors blew out the Portland Trail_Blazers on Tuesday , 127 - 104 , for their third straight road win .
A thoroughly dominating performance by Utah was perhaps to be expected , considering that the Jazz came into the contest surrendering the second - lowest amount of points per game ( 97 ) , while the Suns checked in with the second - highest turnover rate ( 16 ) on a nightly basis .
In their second matchup in three days with the Charlotte Hornets ( 0 - 3 ) , the Atlanta Hawks ( 3 - 1 ) again prevailed , winning 94 - 92 on Sunday .
Golden_State ( 22 - 4 ) did n't have their best game here , but they escaped with a big road victory .
A 60 run over the last 1:30 of the game sealed the deal for the Bucks , who were once again led by Khris Middleton , who scored a game - high 30 points on 12 - of - 17 shooting .
His biggest impact came on the defensive side of the ball where he matched a season - high with seven blocks .
This marked the Raptors ( 28 - 15 ) lowest point total of the season , as they were not able to match the Hornets ' intensity from the start .
Memphis is not known for their shooting and they relied on it too heavily here , as they took 30 three - point attempts , making just six in the loss .
Orlando came into this game on the heels of Friday 's 111 - 104 victory over Portland that was arguably its best of the season .
But the most important performance of the night came from starting shooting guard Marcus Smart , as he continues to play some of the best basketball of his young career .
Jameer Nelson was a question mark coming into this game as he was dealing with a hip injury , but was able to log 17 minutes on the floor and finish with 15 points and five assists against his former club .
Both figures proved to be prophetic Thursday , as the Jazz held Phoenix to a season - low scoring total , and also set a season - best total in points surrendered .
Jeremy Lin , who 's struggled to begin the season , finally found his shot and went 4 - for - 8 from the field and 1 - for - 2 from three - point land to score 18 points .
The Brooklyn Nets ( 12 - 33 ) snapped a six - game losing streak on Sunday with a 116 - 106 win over the Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 33 - 13 ) .
Los_Angeles was led by Kobe Bryant , who managed one of his best games of the season with 25 points , seven assists , six rebounds and three steals over 31 minutes .
The Boston Celtics ( 31 - 22 ) earned a home win Sunday over the Sacramento Kings ( 21 - 30 ) at TD_Garden , 128 - 119 .
Coming off the bench , Plumlee turned in his first double - double of the season with 12 points and 10 rebounds in only 16 minutes .
McCollum continues to play at an All-Star level in his absence , as he tallied 25 points , seven assists and three rebounds in the win .
This was a good old fashion Western_Conference game with a ton of scoring and competitive play .
Aaron Brooks , who continues to start for Derrick Rose ( knee ) , struggled mightily , recording just four points on 2 - of - 11 shooting .
However , Kemba Walker continued his excellent recent stretch of play , scoring 21 of his 34 points in a pivotal third period that allowed the home team to gain some distance after they 'd trailed 49 - 47 at halftime .
The Timberwolves ( 22 - 35 ) got a morale - boosting victory Wednesday night in their final game before the All-Star break , as they have now gone 3 - 2 in their last five games .
The Kings ( 28 - 45 ) played like the team with playoff seeding at stake in the fourth quarter after entering the period trailing 76 - 65 and then falling behind by as much as 89 - 71 with 7:58 remaining .
All-NBA center DeMarcus Cousins continued a dominant string of performances , delivering 29 points and 12 rebounds along with a substantial defensive output of three steals and three blocks .
The Knicks have been one of the surprises of the NBA this season and the all - around play of Carmelo Anthony is the most surprising aspect .
Brook Lopez paced the Nets in his return from a one - game absence with 25 points , six rebounds , two assists , one steal and one block .
The Bulls were lead by Nikola Mirotic , who totaled a season - high 25 points to go along with seven rebounds , two assists and a block .
The Cavaliers ( 11 - 3 ) defeated the Magic ( 6 - 8 ) 117 - 103 at Quicken_Loans_Arena on Monday for their third straight victory .
Center DeAndre Jordan recorded a career - high 28 points on 11 - of - 13 shooting to go along with a team - high 15 rebounds on the night .
The Chicago Bulls ( 22 - 12 ) took care of business on their home court Thursday night , as they defeated the Boston Celtics ( 19 - 17 ) at United_Center , 101 - 92 Trailing 43 - 33 with 3:58 to go in the second quarter , the Bulls kicked it into high gear to end the half , closing the quarter with a 15 - 4 run to take a 48 - 47 halftime lead .
The Pacers earned a season - high sixth straight win , as they dominated the second half to take a 30 lead in the season series against Detroit .
After missing morning shootaround and entering the game questionable to play , Dwyane Wade suited up after missing Wednesday ’ s game against the Boston Celtics .
Rookie Elfrid Payton was unable to follow his near triple - double from Friday with a similar performance , providing seven points , seven assists , three rebounds , and two steals in 35 minutes .
Pau Gasol was able to play after a one - game absence , as he tallied 25 points , eight rebounds , three assists and two blocks in the defeat .
After a rough first full game without their All-Star last Thursday against the Bulls , Golden_State bounced back with a much better effort in a Sunday victory against the Knicks .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 58 - 19 ) throttled the Phoenix Suns ( 39 - 39 ) , 96 - 69 , Tuesday at the Philips_Arena to set a new franchise record for wins in a season .
Kemba Walker returned to action for Charlotte after being out with a knee injury since late - January , playing just 16 minutes and scoring six points on 2 - of - 9 shooting in that time .
James Harden was his usual self though , as he accumulated 40 points , 11 assists and seven rebounds in the loss .
Dominant bench play has contributed largely to Los_Angeles 's success , and was on full display on Friday .
Jonas Valanciunas had his best game in a while , as he tallied 18 points and 13 rebounds , in 31 minutes .
DeMarcus Cousins continued his ridiculous form as of late , as he tallied 29 points , 10 rebounds , and seven assists while dealing with foul trouble throughout the second half .
Minnesota ( 5 - 13 ) saw a career night from reigning Rookie of the Year Karl-Anthony Towns despite the loss .
Roy Hibbert scored 10 of his 18 points in the third and added 10 rebounds in the contest to notch his 12th double - double on the season .
New_Orleans missed out on an opportunity to advance a game ahead of the Thunder in the playoff chase in the West , but even with the loss and owning the tiebreaker over Oklahoma City , the Pelicans are still in the playoffs as of today .
Nicholas Batum was the man for the Blazers , though , putting up a personal season - high 27 points to go with 10 rebounds , five assists and one block .
Damian Lillard once again led the Blazers in scoring with 27 points , five assists and five rebounds .
The short - handed Atlanta Hawks ( 47 - 12 ) notched their league - leading 47th win of the season Saturday , defeating the Miami Heat ( 25 - 33 ) 93 - 91 at the American_Airlines_Arena .
Enes Kanter recorded 12 points and 15 rebounds , giving him his fourth double - double of the season .
Portland has won two straight games , taking Monday 's win on the back of LaMarcus Aldridge 's double - double of 23 points and 14 rebounds .
They knew they 'd have a challenge on their hands , however , as the Sixers ( 26 - 43 ) had been playing much better basketball than their record indicated and they 'd also be missing team MVP Isaiah Thomas for a second straight contest with knee soreness .
With Isaiah Thomas missing his fifth consecutive game with an ankle issue , Eric Bledsoe and Goran Dragic stepped up to lead the team to victory .
Devin Booker tied the game twice in the final 20 seconds , as his 38 points were a career - high .
The Indiana Pacers ( 3 - 6 ) got an impressive road win over the Miami Heat ( 5 - 3 ) 81 - 75 at the American_Airlines_Arena on Wednesday .
He 's been on a roll over his last two games , shooting a combined 13 - for - 21 from the field and 6 - for - 12 from deep to score 32 points .
The Spurs ( 42 - 13 ) suffered a disappointing loss on Sunday to the New York Knicks , but they made a nice bounce back here in a tough road win .
The Knicks ( 5 - 20 ) snapped a 10 - game losing streak , knocking off the Celtics ( 7 - 14 ) Friday in Boston .
Rudy Gobert scored 14 points and grabbed 14 rebounds for his 18th double - double .
The All-Star point guard recorded his 24th triple - double of the season against New_Orleans , posting a line of 27 points , 12 rebounds , and 10 assists .
Miami ( 10 - 22 ) had to play this game without Goran Dragic and it clearly hampered them in this loss .
JaVale McGee returned to action for the Nuggets after a four - game absence , but only logged one minute of playing time .
On Wednesday , the Cavaliers showed why they are the reigning champions , destroying the Knicks by 32 points to snap New_York 's four - game win streak .
Despite scoring only six points , Omer Asik continued to be a hound on the boards and grabbed eight rebounds in 32 minutes .
What began as an encouraging start for the Nets resulted in a second consecutive 15 - point loss , putting the team in an early hole to begin the season .
The Bulls ( 41 - 41 ) needed this win to clinch a playoff berth and they did it in dominating fashion .
Recently injured star DeMar DeRozan came back but looked rusty , as he shot just 6 - of - 18 on the night .
Cole Aldrich has the best game of his career , as he tallied 21 points , 18 rebounds and five steals in the win .
Minnesota ( 11 - 23 ) , meanwhile , kept the game close despite a shoddy shooting night .
The Hawks registered 27 assists as a team and out - rebounded the Thunder , who lead the NBA in rebounds per game , by an 11 - board margin .
For the second outing in a row , Harrison Barnes led the way for Golden_State , scoring 22 points on 9 - of - 13 shooting in just 20 minutes .
However , the Hornets ( 36 - 44 ) mounted a furious comeback in the third and eventually took a seven - point lead in the fourth before the Celtics clawed back to tally their 22nd road win of the season .
The Charlotte Hornets ( 11 - 8 ) won on the road Saturday , defeating the Chicago Bulls ( 11 - 6 ) by a score of 102 - 96 .
After going for 17 points on Monday , Enes Kanter had his second straight game with solid offensive output , as he finished this game with 18 points and five rebounds .
The Warriors ( 11 - 2 ) notched their second win in as many nights and seventh straight as they scored their way to victory in Milwaukee .
Isaiah Thomas had a historic night , as he dropped a career - high 52 points , with 27 of those coming in the fourth quarter .
Ryan Anderson 's season - high 31 points paced Houston .
The Timberwolves posted their second - highest scoring night of the season after 117 points in a surprising victory over the Hawks on Monday .
His career night included draining 15 - of - 17 shots from the charity stripe , where found himself in tough situations in the waning minutes of regulation and overtime .
With the Warriors resting Klay Thompson , Stephen Curry , Andrew Bogut and Andre Iguodala , the Nuggets were able to come out and end the Warriors ' five - game win streak .
New_York was better able to cope with the absence of one of their important pieces , though , as Carmelo Anthony stepped up to deliver a game - high 23 points , and Joakim Noah posted a 12 - point , 15 - rebound double - double against his former teammates .
Despite out - rebounding the Hawks 52 - 43 , the Nuggets were n't able to overcome their shooting woes and suffered their third straight loss .
Nevertheless , they still got yet another tremendous performance from Karl-Anthony Towns , who continues to have a very productive January .
Anthony Davis carried the load for the Pelicans once again , tallying 28 points , eight rebounds and five blocks .
Ultimately , a 36 - point third quarter by Boston did in the Pelicans ( 14 - 24 ) , which suffered their 13th road loss in 17 games this season .
Orlando , which has now dropped four straight , shot nearly 51 percent from the field and registered 62 points in the paint , thanks in large part to a big night from Nikola Vucevic .
The Indiana Pacers ( 39 - 34 ) snagged a close 104 - 101 win over the Houston Rockets ( 36 - 38 ) on Sunday in an Easter afternoon matchup .
Damian Lillard scored 23 for the Blazers ( 30 - 28 ) , who snapped a six - game winning streak .
The Suns ' 13th overall pick in the 2015 NBA Draft , Devin Booker , shined in his professional debut , as he went 6 - for - 7 from the field and 1 - for - 2 from the three - point line for 14 points over 21 minutes .
The minor injury caused a down night by Davis 's standards as he had posted at least 24 points and 12 rebounds in his previous three contests .
The Pistons saw eight players play 21 minutes or more in this game , and welcomed back shooting guard Jodie Meeks ( back ) , who made his season debut , scoring 12 points ( 4 - 10 FG , 4 - 4 FT ) to go with one rebound , one assist and one steal in 22 minutes .
Nikola Mirotic continues to be on a hot streak , as he led the team Thursday with 28 points on 9 - of - 14 shooting and grabbed 10 rebounds .
The Houston Rockets ( 26 - 11 ) cruised during Saturday 's 97 - 82 victory against the Utah Jazz ( 13 - 25 ) .
Joakim Noah was electric off the bench , as usual , contributing five points , 15 rebounds , eight assists and two blocked shots , in 21 minutes .
But as of late , it looks like Saric has finally hit his stride in his new role , and Tuesday 's 17 - point , seven - rebound performance was yet another example of Saric carving out a legitimate role on a struggling Philadelphia team .
While securing Dallas ' spot in the post - season , this result leaves Utah 's status up in the air , as the Jazz are now tied with the Houston Rockets for the final playoff spot in the West .
Goran Dragic , who admitted back spasms have slowed him down recently , registered six points on 3 - of - 11 shooting in 27 minutes .
The NBA saw 50 - point outings from Boston 's Isaiah Thomas and Houston 's James Harden on the last two days of 2016 , and on Monday , just two days later , Jimmy Butler delivered the first 50 - point game of the New Year .
Wall 's backcourt mate Bradley Beal posted his fifth consecutive game with double - digit points to support the offensive cause , amassing 18 points , nine rebounds and six assists .
Karl-Anthony Towns recorded a double - double in his NBA regular season debut , as he finished with 14 points and 12 rebounds in 32 minutes .
It was an interesting night for the Heat , as they not only were without Chris Bosh ( calf ) and Josh McRoberts ( knee ) , but they inserted Chris Andersen into the starting lineup for the first time since he joined the Heat in the 2012 - 13 season .
Rajon Rondo played just 24 minutes , as coach Brad Stevens has turned away from Rondo at times in recent games , an interesting development when taken in the context of the Celtics ' roster on a given night , as it appears Stevens simply does n't see Rondo as capable of leading the team to a win against certain matchups .
Harden has gone on a tear the last two games , combining for 76 points , 11 rebounds and 17 assists over that span .
Amir Johnson posted 17 points , six rebounds , five assists and two steals , supplying back - to - back double - digit scoring performances for the first time this season .
The San_Antonio Spurs ( 63 - 12 ) defeated the visiting New_Orleans Pelicans ( 27 - 47 ) on Wednesday at AT & T Center , 100 - 92 , setting an NBA record for most consecutive home wins to start a season with 38 .
D'Angelo Russell had his bets game in weeks , accumulating 17 points , four rebounds and seven assists .
James , who sat out with soreness in his knee , is 14 - 4 against Kevin Durant in his career , but could do nothing but watch from the sidelines as Durant and Russell Westbrook stifled a late run by the Cavaliers , whose eight - game winning streak was snapped .
Afternoon matinees seem to agree with the Thunder ( 40 - 29 ) , who notched their second consecutive early Saturday win by dominating the Kings ( 27 - 42 ) to the tune of a 63 - 41 first - half lead .
They used a 220 first - half run to propel them to a 98 - 90 victory and end a five - game losing streak .
Ricky Rubio played 23 minutes in his second game back from an ankle injury .
Mason Plumlee managed a modest eight points but did contribute 12 rebounds , the fifth time in the last six games he 's hauled in double - digit boards .
The San_Antonio Spurs ( 29 - 6 ) continued their undefeated streak at home Saturday by beating the Houston Rockets ( 16 - 19 ) , 121 - 103 .
Big man Joffrey Lauvergne pitched in with a second straight efficient performance ( 11 points , seven rebounds ) , and has now managed an outstanding 25 points over 37 minutes on the court over the last two games .
Memphis will look to rebound from this loss Wednesday when a struggling Toronto team comes to town .
The Pelicans had a nightmare of a game in a nightmare season .
Omri Casspi went for a career high 36 points , including Curry like 3 - pointers from 32 - plus feet , and finished 9 - of - 12 from deep .
Andre Drummond notched his first 20 - rebound game in this dominating performance .
Defensively , they stunted the Suns in the third quarter , besting them 29 - 18 in that period , one in which they have struggled through most of this season .
Derrick Rose exploded for 32 points on 12 - of - 22 shooting from the field in his second game back after missing a game with knee soreness .
The Jazz have been the better team this season , but the Kings simply have more talent and that proved to be the difference on Tuesday .
Bryant scored 22 points on 8 - of - 20 shooting in his farewell game to Chicago .
Injuries have also held back the Mavericks ( 6 - 20 ) , who have had less success in overcoming their misfortune .
He ended up with 19 points on 7 - of - 15 shooting and added 18 rebounds to cement his fourth double - double in five games .
The Sixers ( 28 - 46 ) continue to push for as many victories as possible after such a considerable degree of futility over the last several seasons , and their fighting spirit helped them prevail against an equally feisty Nets ( 16 - 58 ) squad on Tuesday .
The Knicks took off in the second overtime though , and finished off the surprising six - point victory on road , which marked just their eleventh total win on the season .
The Grizzlies ( 36 - 27 ) have struggled on offense all season and they simply could n't keep pace with the Rockets in this matchup .
Kawhi Leonard has put together an unbelievable month of January , and his performance in Tuesday 's win over the Thunder was the perfect finish .
Al Horford posted one of three Hawks double - doubles with 21 points ( 9 - 15 FG ) and 11 rebounds ; he was joined by Kent Bazemore ( 15 points , 10 rebounds ) and Paul Millsap ( 13 points , 10 rebounds ) .
David Lee had another great game off the bench , as he double - doubled in a 16 - point , 16 - rebound performance against his former team .
The same couldn ’ t be said of James ’ co - star , Kevin Love , who was playing in his first meaningful game since dislocating his elbow in the first round of last season ’ s playoffs .
The Golden_State Warriors ( 52 - 5 ) continued their historic season with a 130 - 114 win over the Orlando Magic ( 25 - 31 ) on Thursday .
Kevin Love ( back ) returned from a one - game absence , posting 11 points ( 4 - 12 FG , 3 - 8 3PT ) , four rebounds , two assists , two steals and one block in 31 minutes .
The San_Antonio Spurs ( 50 - 9 ) became the second team in the NBA this season to reach 50 wins Saturday , defeating the Houston Rockets ( 29 - 30 ) 104 - 94 .
Anderson proceeded to post 15 points and a season - high six assists , but other than Brook Lopez 's 18 points and seven rebounds , the bench mob contributed a paltry 11 points and eight boards .
The Clippers ( 43 - 29 ) came off a convincing win on Monday by blowing out their hometown rival Lakers on Tuesday .
The Nets ( 19 - 60 ) had demonstrated as much on multiple occasions during their recent 6 - 4 stretch , while the Magic ( 28 - 51 ) had weapons in Elfrid Payton and Nikola Vucevic that matched up very well against Brooklyn 's biggest weaknesses .
On Monday , guard Seth Curry almost bested a recently - set career high of 31 points .
Ben McLemore also had one of his best games of the season , as he amassed 19 points , nine rebounds and three steals in the defeat .
Kevin Durant made his return from a knee injury to accrue 16 points , 10 rebounds and six assists .
Point guard James Harden continued his ridiculous stretch of play , posting a team - high 27 points to go along with 14 assists .
The Kigs played this game without DeMarcus Cousins and Rajon Rondo , but still pulled out the season sweep against the Nuggets .
Rookie Markel Brown was in the starting lineup and had the best game of his career .
Alexis Ajinca had his second - straight double - double off the bench Wednesday with 10 points and 11 rebounds .
Salah Mejri got his second straight start at center in favor of the injured Zaza Pachulia ( leg ) , and finished with a lowly two points and three rebounds in 13 minutes .
In the frontcourt , both Pau Gasol ( 18 points and 10 rebounds ) and Joakim Noah ( 10 points and 15 boards ) tallied double - doubles , with the Spaniard notching his 14th in row .
The bench minutes from Brandon Knight , who saw 32 minutes of action in Wednesday ’ s win , has been a staple to the back court , and although the Suns record does not reflect the start they would like to have ( 1 - 4 ) , the consistent action is a good sign going forward .
Sacramento has been playing their best basketball of the season over recent weeks and got an impressive road win here .
Oklahoma_City was led by Russell Westbrook once again , as he totaled 31 points , 11 assists , five rebounds and five steals in the win .
Andre Drummond went to work , finishing with 19 points , 20 rebounds , in 34 minutes and also notched his 500th career block , finishing with three blocks in the game .
The Nets scored a season - high 143 points , as they shot 58 percent from the field , to dominate the Pelicans .
The Phoenix Suns ( 13 - 14 ) got the job done on the road against the Charlotte Hornets ( 6 - 19 ) 111 - 106 on Wednesday .
Sacramento ( 8 - 15 ) had to play this game after a tough loss on Saturday and it clearly showed late .
Despite coming off a monumental 142 - 106 loss in Golden State on Monday , Indiana bounced back to earn their third road win of the season .
The Warriors once again showed off their stars ' scoring ability on Monday night .
The Raptors , who led by as many as 19 points in the fourth quarter , set a franchise record with 31 home wins .
However , while they did n't quite put on the offensive display of a night prior , Oklahoma_City rode Russell Westbrook 's sixth triple - double of the season to another win .
Second-year forward Bojan Bogdanovic pitched in with his fourth straight double - digit scoring effort , managing 14 points and adding five rebounds and a pair of assists .
To round off a terrific performance from the Rockets ' backcourt players , Patrick Beverley put together his best performance since returning from injury , recording 10 points , 12 assists , seven rebounds and three steals in 32 minutes .
The Denver Nuggets ( 27 - 44 ) ended their road trip on a high note Sunday with an easy 119 - 100 victory over the Orlando Magic ( 22 - 50 ) at the Amway_Center .
Nikola Mirotic also fell back to earth after a hot start to the season , going 2 - for - 11 from the field to finish with five points .
The Bucks came into this game as the worst rebounding team in the NBA , but actually outrebounded Dallas 52 - 34 in the loss .
Meanwhile , Tony Snell garnered his third starting nod in six contests due to the absences of Jimmy Butler ( shoulder ) and Kirk Hinrich ( toe ) , and the second - year pro responded with 22 points and a game - high four three - pointers in 38 minutes .
Kelly Olynyk looked good in his second game back with 19 points , seven rebounds , three assists and one steal , in 30 minutes .
The normally porous Nets ( 8 - 23 ) , they of the lone road victory on the season , did n't give an inch Wednesday , holding the Bulls ( 16 - 16 ) to sub - 40 percent tallies from the field and three - point range and eliciting 18 turnovers from their hosts .
After his 34 - point , seven - rebound , five - assist effort in 39 minutes Tuesday in a win over the Timberwolves , not only is Leonard averaging 33 points , 5 rebounds and 3 assists per game over that four - game stretch , but he is also shooting a remarkable 67 percent from the field and 56 percent from behind the arc .
It was refreshing for the Sixers , therefore , to see him break out with 21 points , seven rebounds , a block and a steal over just 27 minutes against the Hawks .
The Charlotte Hornets ( 26 - 26 ) picked up an Eastern_Conference home win Monday night at Time_Warner_Cable_Arena over the Chicago Bulls ( 27 - 24 ) , 108 - 91 .
Tyson Chandler also had one of his best games of the year , accruing 14 points and 21 rebounds .
Jordan Clarkson ’ s 19 points gave him at least that many for the fourth time in five games , but he managed just two assists as his team was out - assisted 28 - 15 in the game .
George Hill extended his own streak of strong offensive play by posting 18 points and adding four rebounds , an assist and a steal .
Leading the charge has been reigning MVP Steph Curry , who delivered perhaps his best performance of the season on Thursday night .
Marcus Smart matched Horford 's scoring total off the bench and added five assists , two rebounds and one steal .
Bledsoe dished out a team - high eight assists while tying his career - high with 41 points .
The Warriors were once again led by MVP Steph Curry , as he recorded 28 points , five rebounds , five assists and five steals in the victory .
Russell Westbrook continues to carry the load for the Thunder , as he collected 27 points , five assists , four rebounds , three steals and two blocks in the loss .
After suffering an embarrassing loss to the Knicks in their previous game , the Spurs got back on track against the Bucks .
The Golden_State Warriors ( 6 - 2 ) grabbed yet another win , this time over the Brooklyn Nets ( 4 - 4 ) 107 - 99 on Thursday night at the Oracle_Arena in Oakland .
Golden_State had their 16 - game win streak end in Tuesday 's 105 - 98 loss to the Memphis Grizzlies , but they quickly got back in the win column .
On Wednesday , he delivered yet another triple - double , scoring 38 points to go along with 14 rebounds and 12 assists .
Kobe Bryant was the star Tuesday as usual , recording his first triple - double of the year with 23 points ( 6 - 11 FG , 3 - 5 3Pt , 8 - 11 FT ) , 11 rebounds and 11 assists .
Minnesota ( 31 - 47 ) has been eliminated from playoff contention but still put up a strong fight on Thursday night .
He did got 14 - for - 14 from the free - throw line to salvage his line , but the Rockets need better shooting out of their superstar .
Karl-Anthony Towns recorded yet another double - double in a 17 - point , 10 - rebound performance .
The Warriors ( 30 - 5 ) picked up their eighth straight home win behind a strong all - around performance from their big scoring three .
Even Donatas Motiejunas got in on the act , knocking down one trey , but more important was his third double - double of 2014 - 15 ( 14 points , 10 boards , and three steals in 36 minutes ) .
In just his second game back after being held out with an eye injury , Whiteside scored 28 points on 13 - of - 17 shooting to go with 20 rebounds and two blocks .
Draymond Green recorded his first triple - double of the season , accumulating 12 points , 12 rebounds , 10 assists and four steals .
As has been the case all season , Anthony Davis did the most damage for the Pelicans .
Ellington matched Whiteside 's scoring total off the bench and added one rebound , one assist and one steal .
Atlanta ( 11 - 12 ) had lost seven - straight headed into this game , so to say this win was needed would be a drastic understatement .
The Clippers set a season - high tonight with their sixth - straight win and did it in dominating fashion .
Bradley Beal had his best game in some time , as he accumulated 20 points , seven rebounds and three steals .
Though he only scored a combined five points in the team ’ s first two games , Kent Bazemore was the Hawks ’ surprising scoring leader Friday , pouring in 19 points on 7 - for - 13 shooting , including a 4 - for - 5 mark from three - point range .
Jahlil Okafor had not played four four - straight games , but he got the start here in the absence of Embiid to lead the team with 26 points and nine rebounds .
Sunday 's game was a solid all - around effort by the Pelicans , who shot 57 percent from the floor and will look to continue that sort of efficiency Wednesday against the Lakers .
Jahlil Okafor carried the team with 23 points and 14 rebounds and continues to be a candidate for Rookie of the Year .
As has become the norm , it was Isaiah Thomas who led the way for the visitors , tallying 28 points , nine assists and a rebound .
McCollum continued his strong play and showed he can do more than score with six assists and five rebounds to go along with his 17 points .
Dwight Howard was questionable coming into the game as he continues to work his way completely back from a knee injury , but he played 43 minutes and put up 24 points and 16 rebounds .
Ish Smith filled in for the injured Reggie Jackson to have his best game of the year , totaling 16 points and eight assists .
Khris Middleton made his season debut and totaled five points , two rebounds and two assists in 14 minutes of action .
Dirk Nowitzki was the star , as he scored a game - high 25 points en route to becoming the sixth player in NBA history to reach 30,0 points .
However , the home team won the second period handily by a margin of 37 - 21 , and also went on a 50 run over the final 1:28 of the game to break a 101 - 101 tie and insure only their eighth win of the season at the Target_Center .
Wednesday 's matchup against the Kings saw Gasol 's biggest output of the season thus far , as the big man posted 24 points , nine rebounds , and two blocks .
Georgios Papagiannis , recently recalled from the D-League , led the way with 14 points , 11 rebounds , one assist , one steal and one block .
The Milwaukee loss comes in spite of a career night from Antetokounmpo , who notched a career - high 19 points on 9 - of - 15 shooting .
Despite having clinched a playoff berth via a Bulls loss on Wednesday , Toronto continues to chase Cleveland for the top spot in the Eastern_Conference .
Matt Barnes had one of his best games of the season , as he tallied 24 points and 15 rebounds to lead Memphis , which entered as a double - digit underdog .
Rookie Jusuf Nurkic recorded his second straight double - double ( 11 points , 10 rebounds ) in just 23 minutes .
Kevin Durant led the team with 31 points and also recorded eight rebounds and five assists On deck for Oklahoma_City is a matchup with the Houston Rockets on Sunday .
Kemba Walker was back in the building that made him famous and he had another stellar performance .
The All-Star point guard posted 26 points , 10 assists , seven rebounds and three steals , his third double - double in the last four games .
The Jazz ( 5 - 7 ) sent the Thunder ( 3 - 9 ) to their third consecutive loss Tuesday , pulling away in the second half for a 98 - 81 victory .
Former Jazz Enes Kanter notched his eighth straight double - double , compiling 18 points and 11 rebounds in 34 minutes .
Elfrid Payton , Rookie of the Year candidate , snapped a streak of 10 consecutive made free throws , going 1 - of - 4 against the Knicks .
The defensive - minded Grizzlies managed to hold Golden_State to a season - low point total , temporarily derailing their run of 16 victories in 17 games in the process .
Paul George , who had missed the previous three games with a sore left ankle , suited up and added 16 points , seven rebounds and five assists on 6 - of - 13 shooting .
After a 50 - point loss just nine days ago , the Grizzlies put in another poor performance against the Warriors on Wednesdaym as they lost by 17 .
It was , however , one of the better performances from Nerlens Noel since he was traded to Dallas , as he recorded 15 points on 6 - of - 12 shooting and eight rebounds - - both of which were team - highs - - in 28 minutes .
His tied the highest - scoring performance of the season , matching the 53 points dropped by Golden State 's Stephen Curry on Halloween .
Corey Brewer had his second best scoring output of the season with 20 points off the Rocket 's bench .
The sophomore had 27 points and 11 rebounds on 10 - of - 12 shooting in what was one of the best statistical performances of his young career .
The Johnson 's once again led the bench in scoring , as Josh Johnson accrued 16 points and five rebounds , while Tyler Johnson dropped 15 points , two rebounds and two assists .
James Harden led the way with a game - high 41 points , which was his second 40 - point game in the Rockets ' last three contests .
Center Bismack Biyombo recorded a career - high and franchise - record 25 rebounds to lead the team to victory .
The Suns ( 17 - 37 ) snapped a three - game losing streak by torching Chicago on Friday .
The Thunder got a win , despite Westbrook 's worst game of the season .
However , as has been the case all season for the Sixers , they coughed up too many turnovers , giving up 34 easy points off of 24 turnovers .
DeMarre Carroll managed to pitch in nine points , six rebounds , an assist and a pair of steals , while Bismack Biyombo was held scoreless for the second time in the last five games , and could only add five rebounds over 14 minutes .
Denver ( 14 - 19 ) was also led by its young standout center .
In his second game back , he put up 36 points , five rebounds , and five assists in 38 minutes on the floor .
Wade also tallied eight rebounds , three assists , two blocks and one steal as he showed that he still has what it takes to compete against even the toughest of opponents .
However , led by a superb bench effort from Marco Belinelli and an equally impressive one from Kemba Walker , Charlotte outscored the Magic by a 32 - 20 margin in the fourth quarter to post their third consecutive win .
The Golden_State Warriors absolutely demolished the Sacramento Kings on Wednesday behind the most lopsided quarter of the 2016 - 17 campaign .
Jeremy Lamb bounced back from two poor games to score a team - high 24 points .
Sean Kilpatrick continued to excel off the bench , leading the reserves with 14 points , five rebounds , three assists and a steal .
It was a disappointing night for Detroit ( 28 - 31 ) , as the Pistons entered the game having won five of their last seven contests .
Avery Bradley shed his defense - first label Saturday , collecting 31 points and setting career highs with 11 rebounds and eight three - pointers in a win against the Hornets .
Luol Deng looked to bust out of his scoring slump , and provided 22 points and 11 rebounds in the loss , although the veteran is averaging his lowest point total since his rookie year .
Usually dominant down low , Hassan Whiteside had an uncharacteristic night with just six points , eight rebounds and three blocks in 26 minutes .
Despite some occasional sloppy play that allowed the Lakers to stay close , the Clippers took care of business to notch their 53rd win on the season .
For Dallas , they came just short of extending their win streak to four games despite having a solid all - around team effort .
Veteran Dirk Nowitzki delivered a vintage performance , scoring 25 points and blocking a pair of shots .
For the second straight game , the Bucks got production from a number of sources , as 10 players saw double - digit minutes .
The importance of 3 - point shooting continues to surge in the NBA , and efficient shooting from deep is becoming a sure fire way to stop even the best of teams .
Westbrook dished 10 assists and finished one rebound away from what would have been his fourth double - double in the past six games .
As for the Nuggets , Tuesday 's loss ended what was a three - game winning streak for them , as the Clippers managed to overwhelm them with their size and athleticism .
The big man had his second triple - double of the season and the third of his career , as he scored 19 points to go along with 14 rebounds and 11 assists .
The Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 44 - 20 ) took down the Los_Angeles Clippers ( 41 - 22 ) in a potential Western_Conference playoff preview Wednesday night at Chesapeake_Energy_Arena , 120 - 108 .
He also added three steals on the defensive end in a performance that may help to add fuel to his MVP campaign .
The Raptors have gotten off to a fantastic start this season by playing clean basketball , but they simply made too many mistakes on Sunday against the Heat .
Philadelphia , which has given several playoff - caliber teams trouble this season , came back from a 29 - 21 deficit after one quarter to trample the Pelicans in the second and third periods by a combined score of 67 - 44 .
The Chicago Bulls continue to impress as they earned perhaps their biggest win of the season , defeating the Cleveland Cavaliers 111 - 105 at United_Center on Friday .
Denver ( 7 - 13 ) have been struggling recently and they looked lost at times in this defeat .
Andre Drummond posted a second consecutive 18 - point performance and double - double , adding 16 rebounds , four blocks and a pair of steals .
Greg Monroe recorded a career - high 20 rebounds and was a force on the offensive glass , helping the Pistons pull down 20 offensive rebounds as a team .
One game removed from Tuesday 's 101 - 93 road defeat to the Washington Wizards , the Spurs returned to the win column on the backs of its core .
The Grizzlies need to win on the road against the Golden_State Warriors ( 72 - 9 ) on Wednesday and receive help from both the Blazers and Mavericks to solidify a stronger seed in the playoffs .
Lowry nearly had a triple - double , recording 19 points , 13 assists and nine rebounds in an astonishing 43 minutes , while DeRozan continues to be the league 's top scorer , as he posted 37 points Wednesday — his sixth 30 - point performance in seven games .
Tyreke Evans ( knee ) returned from a one - game absence but was largely ineffective in 23 minutes .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 25 - 20 ) continued their hot streak Sunday , beating the Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 22 - 22 ) 108 - 98 at the Quicken_Loans_Arena .
The Indiana Pacers ( 45 - 37 ) closed out their season and head into the playoffs on a high note by winning their third game in a row , as they defeated the host Milwaukee Bucks ( 33 - 49 ) on Wednesday night , 97 - 92 , at BMO_Harris_Bradley_Center .
Joakim Noah was able to suit up again despite a nagging ankle injury , but only had four points and five rebounds in 22 minutes .
The Pacers ( 30 - 29 ) , who 've largely been heading the opposite direction lately , stumbled yet again , posting a sub - par 40 percent success rate and committing 15 turnovers .
Sam Dekker got his first start and scored a career - high 30 points on 12 - of - 19 shooting .
That led to his - 25 plus - minus , which was one of the worst for the game .
Stanley Johnson was productive once again in his second game starting at two - guard in Kentavious Caldwell Pope 's stead , putting up a 14 - point , 10 - rebound double - double , and also dishing out three assists and recording a steal .
This was arguably the worst loss of the season for Cleveland and there will surely be plenty spoken about this bad defeat .
Aaron Gordon rounded things out for the starting five with an 11 - point , 13 - rebound double - double that also included four assists , two steals and four blocks , an outstanding all - around game after a pair of lackluster performances in the last two contests .
The Bulls ( 31 - 30 ) also won the battle down low , outrebounding the visitors by a 49 - 41 margin .
Nikola Mirotic , a contender for Rookie of the Year , scored 15 points on 5 - of - 15 shooting .
Newly-minted All-Star Gordon Hayward led the team with 27 points on 8 - of - 13 shooting from the field .
The Celtics had won their previous 14 games at TD_Garden and had won seven of nine against the West coming into this game , but the Rockets managed to defy those trends as they snuck away with the win .
Wednesday 's game was a shockingly strong performance from the Mavericks , as the 104 points they scored against the Clippers was the first time they scored over 100 points since Nov. 9 against the Lakers , which also happened to be the last time they won a game .
Myles Turner had one of his best games of the year though , as he tallied 26 points and eight rebounds in the defeat .
Leonard recorded 30 points , his third time reaching that number this season , and seven rebounds in 36 minutes .
Isaiah Thomas matched Johnson 's 23 points while adding 10 assists for his first double - double of the regular season .
On Sunday , the Heat showed the intensity that led them to their playoff push , out - rebounding the Celtics by seven and coming away with 16 forced turnovers .
Brooklyn sits at fourteenth in the Eastern_Conference , leading only the league - worst Philadelphia 76ers ; however , they were able to come away with a win against one of the association 's stronger teams on Sunday .
Overall , Dallas enjoyed one of its better offensive nights of what has been a difficult season , as they generated success rates of 47 and 53 percent from the field and three - point range , respectively .
Derrick Favors had one of his best games of the season , totaling 20 points , 10 rebounds , three steals and two blocks on 10 - of - 12 shooting .
Jones , who made a habit of hitting clutch shots in college at Duke , did it on the NBA stage Wednesday night , hitting what would go on to be the game - winning three - pointer with 21 seconds left and the game tied , effectively ending the the Timberwolves ' four - game losing streak .
Jeremy Lin had his second disappointing game in a row as the Lakers ' starting point guard , going 2 - for - 5 from the field and scoring only six points .
He had been dealing with a rib injury that forced him to miss two of the past four games , but Redick really caught fire after shooting 1 - of - 9 from the field and missing all five of his 3 - point attempts in Monday 's win against the Timberwolves .
James Harden conceded the scoring title to the Thunders ’ Russell Westbrook , but did his best Westbrook imitation by securing a triple - double in fewer than 28 minutes .
The Magic got a nice performance from Evan Fournier , who was placed into the starting lineup for Tobias Harris , who missed his third - straight game with a knee injury .
The All-Star guard had rattled off a pair of 40 - point efforts recently and was in a potentially advantageous position for more of the same Monday , as the Magic ( 27 - 47 ) had been particularly vulnerable to shooting guards .
Portland ( 12 - 10 ) have been regressing recently , but a road win here could give them the spark they need .
They turned the tables on their visitors by limiting Charlotte to just 10 points in the fourth quarter and putting up 32 themselves , allowing them to escape with an improbable home victory and snap a three - game skid .
With the loss , the Sixers remain winless this season , and turned in another awful performance on defense .
Evan Fournier continues to thrive in his new full - time shooting guard role , tallying a season - high 29 points to lead a balanced attack by the Magic .
Golden_State accomplished a rare feat Saturday , even by its lofty standards .
The Houston Rockets ( 1 - 3 ) got their first win of the season Monday , holding off the Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 3 - 1 ) 110 - 105 at the Toyota_Center .
Despite having lost their last seven games heading into Thursday 's matchup , the Phoenix Suns ( 21 - 58 ) dealt a potentially season - ending blow to the Houston Rockets ( 38 - 41 ) , winning 124 - 115 .
Towns also added 18 rebounds in one of his best games of the season .
The two players combined to go 12 - of - 18 from the field , and the Sixers shot an outstanding 56 percent from the field overall , keying what was only their second road win of the season .
That put the onus on DeMarcus Cousins even more than usual , and he did respond with a game - high 33 points , along with six rebounds and a block .
Meanwhile , Denver was coming off a win against the Clippers but have now lost five of six .
DeAndre Jordan worked the glass for his third 20 - plus rebound game in the last two weeks .
They went on to win the next three quarters , while Giannis Antetokounmpo had his way with a career - high 39 points , along with eight rebounds , six assists and two steals , in 33 minutes .
J.R. Smith 's epic shooting struggles continued , as he went scoreless ( along with five rebounds and an assist ) over 39 minutes on an 0 - for - 11 shooting tally , making him 1 - of - 22 from the field over his last two games .
On the other side , Westbrook poured in 49 points , his second - highest total of the season , while shooting 16 - of - 34 and hitting eight threes .
The Mavericks ( 24 - 35 ) have now won two straight after taking down the Pelicans on Saturday .
It was a big statistical night for the Lakers ' young players , as Julius Randle and D'Angelo Russell both had near - career nights .
Mozgov contributed 12 rebounds to go along with his 15 points , giving him his second double - double in a row .
McCollum may have the hot hand at the moment for the Portland Trail_Blazers , and his 27 points led all scorers in the win over the Cleveland Cavaliers at home on Wednesday , but it was Allen Crabbe 's 24 points off the bench that led to the Blazers ' big home win .
The Utah Jazz came into this game only a half - game behind the eighth - place Houston Rockets and with this win , overtake Houston for the eighth spot in the West .
Denver 's attack was spearheaded by Danilo Gallinari , who managed his second 29 - point outing over the last three contests , and who scored over 20 points for the fourth straight game since returning from a six - game absence due to an ankle injury .
Marquese Chriss put together the best game of his young career , tallying 16 points , five rebounds and a steal in just 18 minutes .
They 'd also amassed a 21 - 6 record at home and were facing a Pelicans ( 19 - 32 ) team that had only notched six victories in 23 road tilts this season , all factors that seemed to point towards another dominant outing .
Tony Parker ( knee ) will return to the court on Friday and is still dealing with right knee soreness .
After a tough Christmas Day loss , Minnesota ( 10 - 21 ) received a confidence boost as it cruised to a win over the Hawks .
The Orlando Magic ( 17 - 12 ) survived a back - and - forth fourth quarter to take home the victory Wednesday night at the Amway_Center , 104 - 101 over the Houston Rockets ( 15 - 15 ) .
Julius Randle went for his 29th double - double of the season after scoring 14 points and grabbing 11 rebounds .
Memphis ( 18 - 13 ) came into this game losing four of their last five , so a road win is just what the doctor ordered .
The New_Orleans Pelicans ( 39 - 34 ) defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 16 - 57 ) , 110 - 88 , on Sunday at the Smoothie_King_Center . New_Orleans needed to take advantage of Sunday 's favorable matchup in order to keep its playoff hopes alive , and that 's exactly what it did .
Kobe Bryant , making his final visit to Cleveland , compiled 17 points , six rebounds , three assists and a steal .
The Nuggets ( 8 - 13 ) checked in to Monday 's contest having recorded four of their seven victories on the road , and they found a way to continue their success away from home against a Sixers ( 4 - 17 ) squad missing starting small forward Robert Covington ( knee/illness ) .
For San_Antonio , it was a sluggish performance for them as they were playing their third game in four days , and they saw their nine - game win streak come to an end as a result .
Not only did he score a career - high 31 points , he hit a game - winning jumper with just 0 seconds left .
Dwyane Wade and Jimmy Butler began the game on the bench due to recent comments , but the former still led Chicago with 15 points over 28 minutes .
The San_Antonio Spurs remained undefeated in their 106 - 99 win over the host Miami Heat on Sunday at American Airlines Center .
He also had team - highs with 14 rebounds and two blocks in his 31 minutes of action .
Tuesday 's loss to New_York was yet another example of the swingman putting his offensive and rebounding prowess on display .
This marks Cleveland 's third home loss of the season , as they did n't have enough in the arsenal to pull out a win .
The Hornets turned the game around on a massive 31 - 3 run over the final eight minutes of the second quarter , and hung on to secure the tough , late - season road win .
The Heat offense had one of its best games of the season , as they shot 51 percent from the field and assisted on 25 of their 45 buckets .
The Knicks had three players score 20 or more points in the same game for the first time this season and shot a blistering 53 percent from the field as a team .
The Clippers ( 8 - 1 ) maintained their league - best record with the narrow win over the Thunder .
The Pacers ( 37 - 37 ) have been dominant at home all season , but this was a devastating loss in a game they were supposed to win .
Pau Gasol notched his eighth double - double in the past 10 games as he scored a team - high 22 points for the Bulls and added 10 rebounds to go with seven assists , two steals and three blocks .
Rookie Rondae Hollis-Jefferson posted double - digit rebounds for the third time in four contests , hauling in 10 boards and adding six points , an assist , five steals and a block over 30 minutes .
The Spurs ( 61 - 19 ) are locked up in the two - seed in the west , but they still lost this game with all their weapons fully healthy .
The Raptors ( 41 - 29 ) have been struggling without Kyle Lowry , but this was a huge win over a conference rival .
He also had 11 rebounds and seven assists , coming only a few assists shy of posting his second triple - double in as many games .
Memphis 's reputation as a grind - it - out defensive team came to fruition against the Bucks , as they held Milwaukee to a platry 37 percent from the field .
The Lakers earned back - to - back home wins for the first time all season , as the starting trio of Julius Randle , Jordan Clarkson and D ’ Angelo Russell all eclipsed the 20 - plus point mark .
Rookie Aaron Gordon recorded his first career double - double , accumulating 10 points , a career - high 12 rebounds , two blocks , and one assist in 29 minutes .
Rondo completed his 36th double - double of the season with 15 points and 11 assists .
On Phoenix 's side , meanwhile , rookie Devin Booker scored a career - high 34 points in 39 minutes .
However , his absence was also partly made up for Friday by the debuting Serge Ibaka , who was playing his first game in a Toronto uniform following his trade from the Orlando Magic .
The Celtics , on the other hand , picked up a much needed win , as they continue to sit as the eighth and final projected playoff seed in the Eastern_Conference standings .
Willie Cauley-Stein started again to tally 15 points , six rebounds and three steals .
The Heat saw Goran Dragic get scratched for the starting lineup earlier in the afternoon due to an illness , giving impressive 2015 second - round rookie Josh Richardson another opportunity to shine .
Danilo Gallinari scored a game - high 30 points and is one of the top - five scorers in the NBA since the beginning of January .
Julius Randle seems to be busting out of his slump and pitched in a double - double with 12 points and 11 rebounds in 26 minutes , however , he did lose the matchup with Clint Capela , who beat Randle with speed and strength on the glass .
Both teams shot right around 50 percent from the field and the Jazz failed to record a block for the first time all year .
The Miami Heat ( 24 - 21 ) picked up an Eastern_Conference road win over the Chicago Bulls ( 25 - 19 ) on Wednesday night at United_Center , 89 - 84 .
The Wizards snapped a three - game skid on the strength of an outstanding shooting night .
The Nuggets pulled off an unlikely feat Tuesday , by beating the Lakers for the fifth straight game at the Staples_Center .
After combining for only 14 points over his last three games , DeMar DeRozan returned to form Sunday , finishing with 25 points ( 8 - 14 FG , 1 - 2 3Pt , 8 - 10 FT ) , six rebounds and four assists .
Outside of the Miami Heat , the Wizards ( 30 - 20 ) were one of the Eastern_Conference 's hottest squads coming in to Saturday 's game , having won six consecutive games .
Jabari Parker bounced back from two sub - par outings with 10 points , three boards , two assists and a steal .
Taj Gibson ( ankle ) missed a second straight game , and in his place , Nikola Mirotic put up a career - high 27 points ad six three - pointers off the bench .
The Trail_Blazers came into this game as a rare road favorite and ended up living up to those expectations .
Friday night was the first overtime game for the Lakers this season , and the team seemingly rose to the challenge .
Orlando , meanwhile , closed out another quiet lottery - bound season in disappointing fashion .
Boban Marjanovic also had his best game of his young career , as he contributed 17 points and 13 rebounds in the victory .
Julius Randle was the best starter , as he scored 13 points and tied a career - high with 20 rebounds .
Houston entered the contest with a previously - unknown quandary , but Dwight Howard brushed aside a minor knee injury to earn a game - high 37 minutes .
He recorded 15 points ( 6 - 11 FG , 3 - 5 FT ) , 14 rebounds and two blocks , giving him his third double - double in the last four games .
The Raptors ( 30 - 20 ) had to play this game without DeMar DeRozan ( ankle ) , as it marked their seventh loss in their last nine games .
This was a much bigger loss for Chicago than a win for New_York , as it bumped the Bulls to ninth in the east .
The Mavs tallied 31 assists on 40 field goals and forced 20 turnovers on the way to their fourth win of the season and third at home .
Brooklyn had vaulted into seventh place in the East with six straight wins coming into Saturday , but sloppy play against the conference 's top team was a recipe for disaster .
He finished with 12 assists , four rebounds and two steals to go along with a team - high 22 points , a new career - high .
The Pelicans picked up their first win of the season on Tuesday in brilliant fashion .
Bledsoe finished with 31 points , which led all scorers in the loss , to go along with nine points and nine assists , while Devin Booker cooled off from his back - to - back 39 point performances , and went for 25 points in the effort .
Brandon Bass put in his second solid performance in a row , recording 14 points on 7 - of - 14 shooting and nine rebounds in 33 minutes .
However , they got back to fundamental Clippers basketball against the Bulls ( 31 - 31 ) , limiting them to 42 percent shooting from the field and 35 percent from three - point range , while also eliciting 19 turnovers .
Dwyane Wade came back successfully from the migraines that had caused an early exit for him on Wednesday , posting 20 points , five assists , two rebounds and two steals .
Utah ( 34 - 20 ) , meanwhile , snapped a four - game winning streak with the overtime collapse .
Despite the low play time for their starters , the team 's `` grit - and - grind `` style continued , as they came away with an impressive 12 steals on the night .
J.R. Smith 's epic shooting struggles continued , as he went scoreless ( along with five rebounds and an assist ) over 39 minutes on an 0 - for - 11 shooting tally , making him 1 - of - 22 from the field in the last two games .
Trevor Ariza continued to struggle , as he went just 1 - for - 8 from the field to tally three points , four rebounds and one assist in another lackluster performance .
New_Orleans dropped back down to .500 after their less - than - stellar performance in their loss to Orlando .
The Heat ( 40 - 41 ) needed to win this game keep to their playoff hopes alive and they pulled out this nail biter to live another day .
Chris Paul was back to his old form , as he tallied 23 points , five rebounds , and six assists in the win .
Both the Nuggets ( 37 - 40 ) and Pelicans ( 33 - 45 ) came in as Western_Conference playoff hopefuls striving to keep postseason hopes alive .
With Kevin Durant and Serge Ibaka sidelined for the forseeable future with injuries , MVP candidate Russell Westbrook again had a big game .
Tobias Harris , in a return to a role off the bench , scored 19 points and grabbed six rebounds in 30 minutes .
Andre Drummond added his league - leading 62nd double - double with 13 points ( 6 - 9 FG ) and 15 rebounds .
Having six players reach double - digit scoring and out - rebounding the Hornets 47 to 34 , the Pelicans were able to grab a bounce - back victory after taking a loss to the Memphis Grizzlies on Monday , and they pulled themselves to an even 2 - 2 on the season .
Devin Booker and Brandon Knight continued their volume shooting , but they were far from efficient , as they combined for 31 points on 9 - of - 30 shooting .
Derrick Rose had a vintage performance , tallying 30 points , 10 rebounds , five assists , two steals and two blocks .
Deron Williams also continues to play well , posting a double - double of 10 points and 13 assists , while Thaddeus Young also recorded a double - double of 15 points and 11 rebounds .
Meanwhile , despite great performances from Giannis Antetokounmpo and Jabari Parker , who combined for 45 points , the Bucks ( 15 - 16 ) came up short in the third game of their current four - game road trip .
On Sunday , he scored a game - high 45 points for his fifth 40 - point game of the season .
DeRozan followed up a 43 - point outing against Boston with a team - high 33 in Toronto 's win over Portland on Sunday .
Bismack Biyombo , starting once again for Nikola Vucevic ( Achilles ) , posted a 10 - point , 14 - rebound double - double .
Giannis Antetokounmpo continued his MVP form for the Bucks , accumulating 29 points , six rebounds and 11 assists in the defeat .
Pau Gasol recorded yet another double - double , posting 19 points on 7 - of - 13 shooting and 12 rebounds in 33 minutes , while Joakim Noah scored just six points , but was active elsewhere , recording 14 rebounds and seven assists .
Cleveland still managed to get up by two with six minutes left , but that is when the Nets went on a 14 - to - 3 run to end the game and upset the top team in the East .
Jahlil Okafor had a game to forget , as he amassed just four points and three rebounds in 17 minutes , while committing a season - high seven turnovers .
Perhaps most encouraging was the fact that Durant showed no signs of wear on the second night of a back - to - back , and was able to spend 41 quality minutes on the floor .
Overall , it was an ugly game for the depleted Atlanta squad , as the 86 points was their lowest point total in five games .
Two of the league 's better teams squared off on Thursday as the Houston Rockets took down the visiting Oklahoma_City Thunder , 118 - 116 .
Bryant and Thunder forward Kevin Durant looked to be enjoying their matchup , but Durant got the better of five time NBA champion in the blowout win .
The team as a whole shot a whopping 50 percent of the field , making it look easy against the stingy San_Antonio D. Toronto , too , has eclipsed a franchise - best win total , and is still in contention for the first seed in the Eastern_Conference .
Rookie Emmanuel Mudiay was fantastic , as he scored a career - high 30 points , while also handing out five assists .
D'Angelo Russell continued to start and put up a team - high 22 points in the loss .
He had an awful outing against the Nets Monday , shooting just 17 percent ( 2 - 12 FG ) from the field , so it was good to see him get back in a rhythm and shoot well .
DeAndre Jordan posted a double - double of 15 points and 22 rebounds in 41 minutes , continuing the dominant play that has seen him pull down at least 15 rebounds for seven straight games .
Following his 23 - points , 20 - rebound performance on Wednesday , he is averaging 15 points and and 13 rebounds per game with 11 double - doubles through 11 games .
New_Orleans had won four straight coming into Saturday 's contest , but a two - minute scoring drought in the fourth quarter cost it a fifth consecutive victory .
Sacramento ( 24 - 33 ) , meanwhile , had won four games in a row before Wednesday 's rout .
Kemba Walker just missed out on his fourth consecutive 30 - point game , scoring 29 against the Raptors .
Memphis didn ’ t play their best game here , but they continued their winning ways .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 9 - 6 ) demolished the Charlotte Hornets ( 4 - 15 ) with a 105 - 75 victory at Phillips Arena on Saturday .
Eric Bledsoe delivered one of his strongest stat lines of the season , scoring 35 points to go along with six rebounds , six assists , two blocks , and two steals .
The Pelicans own the tiebreaker though , so in order for the Thunder to get into the playoffs , they 'll need a win of their own , as well as a Pelican 's loss on Wednesday in the finale .
The Toronto Raptors won earlier in the night , which put the Bulls in jeopardy of dropping to the fourth seed .
Isaiah Thomas missed his sixth straight game , putting the onus on Goran Dragic and Eric Bledsoe to lead the way for the Suns .
The win further separated the eighth place Nets from ninth place Celtics as the Nets continue to position themselves for the playoffs as the team gets healthy .
New_York ( 15 - 13 ) had their first home game in quite some time , so they made fans happy with this crucial win .
Chris Paul recorded the NBA 's first triple - double of the 2014 - 15 season , putting up 13 points , 10 rebounds , and 12 assists in 36 minutes .
Irving , often matched up against a rusty Derrick Rose , paced the Cavs with 29 points , four assists , two rebounds and two steals .
In his second game back since being returning from being inactive , Kyle Lowry struggled shooting from the field , going 5 - of - 15 en route to 14 points and five assists .
Dallas countered Jahlil Okafor 's career - high 31 points by having four members of the first unit tally double - digit scoring , and the remaining starter , Zaza Pachulia , haul in double - digit boards .
The Bucks utilized a pair of season - best scoring totals from two starters to overcome a game - high 24 points from the Nets ' Bojan Bogdanovic .
This marked just the second time all season that Pondexter reached the 20 - point mark , so it came at the right time for the Pelicans during their intense battle with the Thunder for that final playoff spot .
Both teams came into this game riding their own four - game losing streak , but it was the Nuggets who were able to break the steak , grabbing the 18 - point victory in front of their home crowd .
The Rockets outscored the Jazz 29 - 21 in the fourth quarter , leading them to their second victory in as many days .
So , while as a pure shooter from the field , Thomas may not be the most accurate , the way he utilizes his size to draw fouls may make up for it .
With Payton the bench for most of the game , Shabazz Napier posted a season - high nine assists with 11 points over 29 minutes .
Dwayne Wade was able to play 35 minutes on a banged up knee , which he aggravated Thursday in Cleveland .
Donald Sloan has taken over starting point guard duties recently and he had his game of the season here , as he tallied 15 points , nine rebounds and nine assists in a brilliant game .
Damian Lillard returned to the lineup after a brief stint on the sideline nursing an ankle injury .
With Brandon Knight still sidelined with an ankle injury , Eric Bledsoe again stepped up for the Suns and posted a team - high of 21 points ( 8 - 15 FG , 1 - 3 3Pt , 4 - 6 FT ) , to go along with nine rebounds and 11 assists as well .
That trend held true again Wednesday , even against a tough Grizzlies ( 25 - 19 ) squad .
The Pacers won their fifth straight game to move up to the seven seed , holding the tie - breaker over the Miami Heat and Charlotte Hornets .
With former MVP Kevin Durant still out with a knee injury , veteran forward Andre Iguodala stepped up for 20 points , seven rebounds , and four assists .
This was Kevin Durant 's first game in a Golden_State uniform and he didnt disappoint , as he collected 27 points , 10 rebounds , four assists and a pair of blocks and steals in the defeat .
Harden 's scoring outburst came at just the right time for Houston , as the Rockets remain half a game out of the Western_Conference playoffs .
D'Angelo Russell continued his inconsistent shooting performances , totaling eight points on 4 - of - 11 from the field , and adding seven rebounds and a trio of assists .
All-Star Isaiah Thomas bounced back from his worst outing of the season against Atlanta to score 31 points over Cleveland , including a three - pointer to put the Celtics ahead with 45 seconds remaining .
On the Timberwolves ' side , Dieng got the starting nod in place of Kevin Garnett , who missed his third consecutive game with knee soreness .
Serge Ibaka continues to emerge , as he led the starters with 19 points , 11 rebounds and five blocks in the victory .
Memphis 's fourth quarter implosion led to its third loss in a row .
He shot only 30 percent ( 3 - 10 FG ) against the Hawks on Sunday , so it was a nice bounce back game for him .
Rookie Frank Kaminsky also had his best game in his short career , contributing nine points , three rebounds and three assists in the victory .
The efficiency down low , defensive prowess ( Embiid added two blocks and a steal ) , in addition to his three point shooting ability , make the Kansas product a matchup nightmare for every power forward or center in the league .
DeAndre Jordan led the starters in his homecoming game , as he totaled 20 points and 13 rebounds on 9 - of - 11 shooting .
The Chicago Bulls ( 26 - 19 ) took care of business against the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 9 - 39 ) on Thursday in a 114 - 91 win .
Cleveland ( 23 - 6 ) had a tough task here against one of the best offenses ever , but they put on a show in the game of the season .
Arron Afflalo punished his former team with 19 points on 8 - of - 10 shooting off the bench .
DeMar DeRozan scored a game - high 27 points in 36 minutes .
Third-year wing Andrew Wiggins scored 20 points for the 18th straight game , while Shabazz Muhammad had 18 in just 23 minutes of play .
Ricky Rubio had his best shooting performance since returning from an ankle injury that kept him out for all of December and January and most of November .
The Pelicans ( 24 - 37 ) were 0 - 3 with DeMarcus Cousins and this marks their first win since the trade , despite the fact that Cousins was suspended for this matchup ( technicals ) .
Indiana had managed a 21 - 10 record at Bankers_Life_Fieldhouse heading into Wednesday , and the trend of superior play in their familiar digs held true once again versus the Pistons ( 31 - 33 ) .
The Timberwolves ( 28 - 41 ) needed this win to keep their playoff hopes alive , as they now sit 5 games behind the eight - seed in the west .
He then went off for a career - high 29 points in Philadelphia 's 118 - 116 win at the Lakers on Sunday .
The Pelicans ( 10 - 20 ) checked in to Tuesday with only three road victories , but with a 5 - 13 home record , the Sixers ( 7 - 21 ) did n't exactly shape up as very imposing .
Draymond Green recorded one of the rarest triple - double in NBA history , as he added 12 rebounds , 10 assists and 10 steals to his four points and five blocks .
The Portland Trail_Blazers ( 7 - 10 ) handed the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 2 - 13 ) another loss , with a score of 108 - 96 on Saturday night .
For the Nuggets ( 25 - 31 ) , they suffered a bit of a letdown following their dominating victory over the league - best Warriors on Tuesday .
Bradley Beal , who sat out last game to rest , played a team - high 31 minutes Monday and scored 14 points on 7 - of - 16 shooting to go along with five rebounds and three assists .
Prized offseason acquisition Greg Monroe mustered 13 points , seven rebounds , a pair of assists and three steals , a performance that would be considered underwhelming for a player who 's demonsrated he 's capable of much better production .
For the Bulls , Dwyane Wade continues to struggle after his 22 - point heroic performance in the team 's first game of the season .
While he did n't have the monster line we 've come accustomed to , James Harden still finished with 21 points ( 4 - 13 FG , 3 - 9 3Pt , 10 - 12 FT ) and 10 assists as the leader of this team .
He also had 11 rebounds and five blocks , marking his second game in a row with a double - double .
James Johnson made his return to the Toronto lineup .
The Pelicans got their first win since the DeMarcus Cousins trade in this 23 - point victory , but it happened to come with him being suspended for this fixture .
Gary Harris also scored a career - high 21 points and continues to grow while playing elite defense night in and night out .
After a brutal showing on Wednesday against the Bucks , it was a nice bounce back game for him .
Second-year big man Frank Kaminsky III had taken the opportunity afforded him and parlayed it into a string of impressive performances , with the most recent having come in Saturday 's contest against the new - look Kings ( 25 - 34 ) .
The Portland Trail_Blazers ( 33 - 28 ) continued their ridiculous hot streak on Tuesday , beating the New_York Knicks ( 25 - 37 ) 104 - 85 at Madison_Square_Garden .
The Utah Jazz ( 29 - 36 ) won their fifth straight game while extending the Detroit Pistons ’ ( 23 - 43 ) losing streak to 10 consecutive games , effectively diminishing their playoff hopes in the 88 - 85 win .
Standing in their way was a short - handed but feisty Knicks ( 30 - 51 ) squad that had shown some fight recently despite having been long eliminated from playoff contention .
Whiteside 's unbelievably productive start to the 2016 - 17 season is big reason as to why the Heat are ranked in the top 10 in the NBA in points in the paint .
Rookie Mario Hezonja played a team - high 37 minutes en route to a career - high 21 points .
Steph Curry also made his return after a two - game absence in this game , but left after halftime with some sort of leg contusion .
Giannis Antetokounmpo returned to the court after serving his one - game suspension stemming from last postseason , and did so with a vengeance .
Russell Westbrook continued his reign of terror , recording another triple - double .
The Nets announced prior to the game that veterans Brook Lopez and Thaddeus Young would sit for the remainder of the season , in order to avoid further wear and tear in the latter stages of a lost season .
Gobert put together a second straight impressive double - double , tallying 14 points , hauling in 14 boards , dishing out three assists , and recording a steal and two blocks .
Portland ( 8 - 9 ) have really struggled on defense this season and this loss may have been the most embarrassing one thus far .
Orlando ( 4 - 6 ) had the worst offense in the league coming into this game , so a 119 - point performance is just what the doctor ordered .
Overall , however , it was a quiet night for the Knicks on Tuesday , rounding out what has been a quiet year for basketball in the city that never sleeps .
With Sunday 's dominating victory , a game in which they led by as much as 30 at one point , the Lakers have now won a season - high three straight games .
He collected 16 points , five rebounds , three assists , a block and a pair of steals over 38 minutes for his sixth double - digit scoring performance in the last seven contests .
Chris Bosh continued his strong play for the Heat , scoring 24 points to go with seven rebounds in 35 minutes .
Draymond Green continues to flourish in the Warriors offense and finished with nine points , nine rebounds and five assists .
Toronto saw the Magic come to town on Tuesday night and give them a major fight , but they managed to walk away with their fifth home win ( 50 ) of the season after out - scoring the Magic 32 to 17 in the fourth quarter .
He 's been very effective over his last two games , combining for 48 points and 22 rebounds .
Toronto had their six - game win streak snapped with this loss , but more devestating was that DeMar DeRozan had to leave the game with a left groin strain after 20 minutes of action , and his status going forward is unclear .
Gobert proceeded to put up seven points , 14 rebounds and three blocks against the defending NBA champion Spurs .
The Clippers continue to play good ball , as they won this game as a road underdog .
Miami received a vintage effort from Dwyane Wade , who managed 26 points , seven rebounds , six assists and two steals .
Miami added to the wins column again on Friday in what was a well - rounded team effort .
Nicolas Batum stuffed the stat sheet once again , amassing 13 points , eight assists , seven rebounds and a pair of steals .
Kobe Bryant showed flashes of his old self as he scored 35 points ( 10 - 22 FG , 4 - 11 3PT , 11 - 11 FT ) , his second - highest output of the season .
The Boston Celtics ( 36 - 25 ) earned a home win Monday at TD_Garden over the Utah Jazz ( 28 - 31 ) , 100 - 95 .
Harden and the Rockets have provided the most three - heavy offense in the league this season , and hit 17 three - pointers on Thursday to show it .
The Bucks turned in their highest point total of the season , as they ran past the struggling Suns .
Amidst MVP chants from his home crowd , the league 's fourth - leading scorer dropped 37 points , eight rebounds , and eight assists .
Eric Bledsoe returned from his one - game absence ( paternity leave ) and played very well .
The Knicks have been a huge surprise this season and this win adds to their impressive resume .
He 's had two strong showings in a row , combining for 37 points , 12 rebounds and four steals over that span .
Steph Curry paced all scorers with 35 points and added seven three - pointers to increase his league - leading total to 193 for the season .
Toronto ( 23 - 10 ) needed the win after having dropped two straight games earlier in the week .
The Nuggets enjoyed another strong performance from Jusuf Nurkic , who hauled in 18 rebounds and is now averaging 11 boards per contest .
Dallas ' attack was led by Chandler Parsons , who continued a recent string of considerably productive play .
Lillard 's 42 - point eruption on 12 - of - 18 shooting helped make up for cooler nights from backcourt partner C.J .
The 6 - 17 record looks horrendous , but they are a much better team than that unsightly record would indicate .
Harden reverted back to shooting poorly from the field ( 6 - for - 22 ) , but was able to get to the line 17 times , converting on 14 tries .
Meanwhile , rookie Emmanuel Mudiay showed a scoring touch with a season second - best of 20 points .
Evan Turner had three turnovers himself ; he followed up his triple - double on Wednesday with a six points , six rebounds and six assists in a not so heavenly performance .
Miami came into this game extremely shorthanded , but walked away with a huge road win .
He was coming off a triple - double on Friday , where he recorded 15 points , 10 rebounds and 12 assists , so he continued to put up some solid numbers over all three categories in this one .
Orlando has broken an eight - game losing streak in their most recent win , but this was a tough task against the Spurs .
Harden paced the Rockets with 29 points , 14 assists , five rebounds and three steals , his 13th double - double of the campaign .
After missing the two previous games for personal issues , Nene Hilario returned to score 12 points ( 5 - 13 FG , 2 - 4 FT ) , while also adding seven rebounds .
Ryan Hollins started again in place of DeMarcus Cousins ( illness ) , scoring eight points in 21 minutes .
The Clippers , who had won three straight headed into their matchup against Chicago , saw questionable offensive efficiency throughout the game .
Amar ' e Stoudemire played 16 minutes one night after playing 18 minutes in what could possibly be one of his final games as a Knick .
Channing Frye managed one of his most fruitful offensive nights of the year , tallying 12 points and bringing down four rebounds .
Carmelo Anthony finally got a game winning jumper to fall after a handful of failed attempts though January , and the Derrick Rose assisted baseline fadeaway with :23 remaining in the fourth quarter was enough for New_York ( 20 - 26 ) to come away with a road victory .
Denver , meanwhile , had its playoff hopes dashed weeks ago and currently sits well below .500 .
McCollum combined to score 49 points , while starting center Mason Plumlee put together his best performance of the 2016 - 17 season , posting 18 points , seven rebounds , six assists and five blocks .
The Pacers still have a grip on sixth place in the East but need to get back on track as soon as possible , in order to maintain that spot .
Rookie Myles Turner , who has turned heads with his recent play , scored just 10 points and pulled down only five rebounds .
Kosta Koufos was the hero , as he tallied 16 points , 13 rebounds and three blocks in his best game of the season .
He had 12 points and 10 rebounds , giving him his third double - double of the season .
The Rockets came out with intensity in the fourth , and closed out strong , as they out - scored the Pelicans 37 - 38 in the quarter to seal their 50th win of the season .
Bryant was just 2 - for - 15 from the field before leaving and that just adds to his horrific shooting woes .
In fact , they finished the season on a 30 - 11 run to tie for the eight - seed in the east , but they fell shy due to a tiebreaker to the Chicago Bulls .
The Suns ( 17 - 38 ) have been one of the most porous defenses in the NBA throughout the entire season , while the Rockets ( 40 - 17 ) , as customary , have been one of the most prolific scoring squads .
This was Oklahoma_City 's first game without Durant in their home building and Russell Westbrook made fans quickly forget about the former MVP .
After shooting 36 percent or worse in four of his preceding five games , the 25 - year - old enjoyed a stellar night from the field , draining 14 buckets in 24 attempts ( 58 percent ) .
Russell Westbrook tied Wilt Chamberlain for second - most 40 - point triple - doubles in NBA history , as he notched his 29th triple - double of the season , with 41 points 11 rebounds and 11 assists , in 37 minutes .
The Wizards ( 12 - 5 ) extended their winning streak to three games , defeating the Lakers ( 5 - 14 ) 111 - 95 on Wednesday night .
Hassan Whiteside 's recent struggles continued , as he totaled just 11 points , eight rebounds and one block in the loss .
The team 's 3 - of - 19 showing was the lowest three point shooting effort of the season for Chicago , so far .
The Pelicans improved to 16 - 15 on the season Tuesday night by knocking off the Suns by a score of 110 - 106 .
Bogdanovic paced the Wizards overall with 27 points , his best scoring haul since donning his new team 's uniform .
After suffering a broken hand in a quarrel with the team equipment manager and serving a subsequent suspension for the fight , Griffin showed signs of rust on Sunday , finishing the game with just six points and five rebounds .
Anthony Davis missed his second straight game Wednesday , and his absence was apparent .
The Sixers notched their fourth road victory overall behind a balanced offensive effort and opportunistic defense .
In the loss , however , they received another hot shooting performance from Yogi Ferrell , who has officially played his way into being a regular in Dallas ' rotation , even with the presence of starter Deron Williams .
After failing to score on Saturday , Hibbert had somewhat of a bounce back game and scored at least 15 points for the first time in three weeks .
The Houston Rockets notched their ninth straight win as they defeated the New_Orleans Pelicans , 122 - 100 , at Toyota_Center on Friday night .
Indiana needed this game to keep playoff hopes alive and they rode a furious comeback to increase their odds .
Eric Bledsoe has had a rough final stretch of the season , but managed 19 points ( 7 - 19 FG , 2 - 6 3Pt ) and seven assists in 39 minutes .
Marco Belinelli also had an impressive game off the bench , scoring a season - high 28 points .
He went off for 21 points ( 7 - 26 FG , 0 - 2 3Pt , 7 - 8 FT ) and 11 assists , notching his third double - double over his last four games .
The All-Star posted solid 53 percent shooting from the field ( 11 - for - 21 ) , and both his scoring total and field goal accuracy represented his second - best totals in each category to date in the new season .
Coming off maybe their most impressive win on the season , a road victory against the Celtics , the Knicks ( 19 - 25 ) had an opportunity to really step out of a funk and get on the right track at home .
The newly - signed Ray McCallum acquitted himself well in his first game with the Grizzlies , totaling 13 points , four rebounds , two assists , two steals and a block .
He finished with 25 points and 10 rebounds in 30 minutes to record his second double - double of the season .
Thomas Robinson enjoyed his third consecutive solid game , posting a 12 - point , 10 - rebound double - double that also included one assist and two steals and led the second unit .
It was the second straight big win for the Bulls , who blew out San Antonio 104 - 81 on Thursday night .
DeAndre Jordan also played well , notching a double - double for the third time in as many games .
The 20 - year - old added three steals and a pair of assists in a performance that offered a glimpse of the vast potential that he possesses .
The Wizards announced earlier in the day that John Wall would miss the game to rest a sore right knee , particularly relevant considering the must - win situation that Washington found itself in to keep their playoff hopes alive .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 33 - 27 ) trumped the Charlotte Hornets ( 30 - 28 ) 87 - 76 in a divisional matchup on Sunday .
Harden 's backcourt mate Eric Gordon continues to serve as an outstanding complementary presence , managing 21 points , three rebounds , an assist and a steal .
Guard DeMar DeRozan had arguably his strongest performance of the season , scoring 38 points while also pulling down 10 rebounds and dishing out seven assists .
Rudy Gobert made one last push for Most Improved Player and Defensive Player of the Year awards , notching three blocks and one steal in 24 minutes .
He scored 23 points and dished out 11 assists in 38 minutes against the Magic to record his second double - double since joining the Hornets five games ago .
Phoenix is slumping at the wrong time , having lost three straight and five of its last ten .
Chris Paul dropped one of the biggest double - doubles of the season , racking up 20 points and 20 assists , with 18 of those assists coming in the first three quarters of action .
Indiana ( 4 - 4 ) is now a perfect 40 at home , but this one was far from easy .
Aside from finishing second in scoring , Harden ’ s 2 steals per game was fifth best in the league .
The Mavericks ( 23 - 35 ) have been surging since a terrible start and a win over a growing team like the Pelicans is just what they need to get some momentum going .
The early MVP votes may be in favor of Stephen Curry right now , but Draymond Green ’ s all around impact on the floor is beginning to transcend the league 's best forwards .
Tyler Zeller was the surprise of the evening off the bench , posting his first double - double in over a year .
Michael Beasley had his best game in a Bucks uniform , scoring 19 points off the bench on 6 - of - 8 shooting .
The mark matches Cleveland 's season high in made three - pointers , and sharpshooters J.R. Smith and Channing Frye contributed five makes each .
Marc Gasol ended his spectacular season with another splendid performance .
The Jazz dominated from start to finish , opening up a 49 - 19 lead midway through the second quarter , and the team continues to be one of the hottest teams in the NBA despite their playoff chances being slim - to - none , as they 've won six straight games and nine of their last 10 .
C.J Miles followed his 30 - point outing Sunday with a 25 point performance and he also grabbed eight rebounds .
LaMarcus Aldridge added 18 points of his own while Pau Gasol posted 12 points and eight rebounds , as the Spurs ' starting frontcourt carried the team to their third straight victory .
Giannis Antetokounmpo continued his MVP form , tallying 21 points , 10 rebounds , 10 assists , five steals and three blocks en route to a triple - double .
Alex Stepheson was signed to a 10 - day contract earlier in the week and was the only bright spot n this blowout , as he double - doubled in a 12 - point , 15 - rebounds performance off the bench .
The Thunder ( 27 - 19 ) capped off a six - game road trip on Wednesday , finishing 3 - 3 during the stretch thanks to the win in New_Orleans .
As a team , the Bucks put together one of their best shooting nights of the year , as they shot an astounding 54 percent from the floor .
Rudy Gobert has quietly been putting together an All-Star-caliber season in 2016 , as following his performance Wednesday of 17 points and 14 rebounds , the Frenchmen has now recorded nine straight double - doubles and double - digit rebounds in 15 straight contests .
The Thunder ( 26 - 19 ) improved to 11 - 13 on the road , while Westbrook notched his 22nd triple - double of the season .
The Pelicans claimed the eight seed in the Western_Conference , holding the tiebreaker over the Oklahoma City Thunder , who possess the same record .
Davis had help from Jrue Holiday who has been easing back into form after recovering from injury throughout the off season .
Rookie D ’ Angelo Russell struggled in his realgar season debut , recording just four points and two assists in 26 minutes .
It was also a very timely performance , considering the injury woes .
Brooklyn ( 4 - 7 ) suffered its second loss in two days at Staples_Center , after being demolished by the Clippers on Monday .
Dion Waiters tied a career - high with 33 points on 12 - of - 19 shooting , adding three rebounds and three assists to his tally .
Kawhi Leonard returned to the active lineup for the Spurs after missing extended time with an eye infection .
The Raptors ( 45 - 30 ) had won six - straight headed into this game , but playing against someone who has their lives on the line is a completely different animal .
The Bulls led by six at the half , but they lost the third quarter 32 - 19 , handing them their 14th loss of the season .
The Celtics ( 19 - 14 ) , meanwhile , had an impressive offensive night of their own .
Dallas came into the game on two days rest , but had a rough night from the floor .
The Timberwolves ( 6 - 17 ) saw their largest point - deficit of the season as they trailed by 35 points , 115 - 85 late in the game , on their way to their third straight loss .
Utah also combined for 23 blocks and steals in the game and that 's one of the highest totals of the season .
Gary Neal entered the game unlikely to play with an ankle injury , but he was able to give it a go , finishing with seven points and four rebounds in 28 minutes off the bench .
The Grizzlies have been making a living off late - game execution and they added to their impressive resume ' with this comeback win .
The Jazz have really been struggling recently and they were walking into a buzz saw here .
Rashad Vaughn came off the bench to lead the Bucks with 22 points , while Giannis Antetokounmpo continues to thrive at point guard , posting a 21 - point , 11 - rebound double - double .
Rondo , who has been averaging an NBA-leading 10 assists per game , saw a team - high 42 minutes in Orlando .
Golden state looked like a shell of themselves in their last game without Steph Curry , but looked like the Warriors we all know and love here .
Philadelphia ’ s immense struggles earned a chorus of boos from the home crowd at multiple points in the game , a development unsurprising given the lack of progress the team has made since embarking on its massive rebuilding effort a couple years ago .
This loss dropped the Nets out of the eighth seed in the playoffs for the time being .
The Kings were without DeMarcus Cousins ( foot ) and Rudy Gay ( head ) Wednesday , and considering those are their two best offensive players , they did not have as bad of an effort as they could have .
Despite a sterling record , impressive 11 - game winning streak and comfortable division lead coming into Monday , the Raptors did n't exactly travel well into Denver 's mile - high altitude.
The Celtics , winners of two straight since dropping three in a row , had seven players in double - figures , including all five starters .
So , while Houston does have the fifth highest turnovers per game in the NBA this season , they happen to be ranked 15th in the assist to turnover ratio , making their fast - paced play and mistakes that come along with it completely worth it .
The Hawks ( 37 - 33 ) also committed 15 turnovers and could n't get their three - point game on track , as they shot just 32 percent from long range .
The Rockets ( 47 - 22 ) snapped a three - game winning streak with this defeat , but it was no fault of James Harden .
Evan Fouriner had one of his best games of the season though , scoring 28 points on 11 - of - 14 shooting in the defeat .
Collison led the Kings ( 29 - 45 ) to their second straight win , posting team highs of 23 points and seven assists .
Salah Mejri had one of the ugliest lines in the history of the NBA , as he fouled out in five minutes , while failing to record a single stat aside from a turnover .
Ramon Sessions played well in his second straight spot start in place of Darren Collison ( hip ) , putting up 10 points , seven rebounds and six assists in 32 minutes .
However , they had to make sure and take care of business on the road against a Sixers ( 28 - 51 ) squad that had given many a team a difficult time .
Memphis ( 7 - 5 ) put on a defensive display for the ages here , as they slowed this game down to a crawl .
It was the second night of a back - to - back and fourth game of a seven - game road trip for the Lakers ( 11 - 19 ) and despite leading 31 - 26 after one quarter they were out - scored in the following three quarters , leading to their ninth loss in 10 games .
After sitting out their last game with a shoulder injury , Cody Zeller returned to action , playing 17 minutes as the starting power forward .
The game was won on the fast break , as the Rockets scored 21 fast break points compared to zero for the Pelicans , and the win pushed Houston into a tie in the Western_Conference with the Grizzlies and Clippers .
Portland continues to thrive at home and this sort of win shows how scary they can be .
Following his 29 - point , 14 - rebound performance in Wednesday 's win over the Raptors , Towns has now recorded a double - double in 11 of his past 12 games .
Gobert looked like he meant it on Thursday , as he pulled down a team - high 13 rebounds and blocked a whopping five shots .
Despite fouling out for the first time in his career , Emmanuel Mudiay finished the game with 15 points , three rebounds and six assists .
Rudy Gobert failed to block a shot for the first time all month , playing just 20 minutes in the blowout win .
Kevin Love is having his most productive season since joining the Cavaliers in 2015 , averaging a double - double of 20 points and 11 rebounds per game , and that 's what made his performance in Wednesday 's loss so troubling for Cleveland .
Former MVP Derrick Rose continued his hot start to 2016 , pouring in 26 points on solid 12 - for - 20 shooting .
The visiting San_Antonio Spurs took their revenge on the host Utah Jazz , beating them , 100 - 86 , in a rematch of Wednesday 's matchup .
After two dud performances , Paul George bounced back nicely , as he accumulated 28 points , eight rebounds and three assists .
It was the All-Star point guard 's third consecutive double - double , and he also drained two key free throws in the closing seconds to extend a razor - thin 112 - 111 lead to the final margin of victory .
Kosta Koufos turned in his second consecutive double - double , tallying 12 points , 11 rebounds , an assist , two blocks and a steal .
The crowd welcomed back Harrison Barnes , who missed the last 16 games with an ankle injury , and pitched in 8 points in 20 minutes off the bench .
Kevin Durant ( foot ) , Perry Jones ( knee ) , and Mitch McGary ( foot ) remained out , but Grant Jerrett ( ankle ) made his NBA debut with nine minutes off the bench .
The Spurs responded with an impressive road win , and the type of team effort that we 're used to seeing from San_Antonio .
Danilo Gallinari made his return from a knee injury to amass 21 points and 11 rebounds .
J.R. Smith also made his return from a knee injury in this matchup and amassed seven points and three assists in 22 minutes of action .
This could hardly have been more evident Friday , when Minnesota pulled out one of the season 's most improbable victories by toppling the struggling yet third - seeded Thunder in their home arena .
Karl-Anthony Towns added 24 points of his own to go along with 19 rebounds as the duo once again accounted for over half of their team 's points .
The Spurs gave up 20 easy points off of 17 turnovers , pointing to their greatest weakness Friday and the likely reason why they lost the game .
Anthony Davis had tallied over 30 points on four occasions this season , so it was fitting that his 32 - point total paced the Pelicans ' first win .
The Heat ( 37 - 38 ) continued their fight to preserve the eighth seed in the Eastern_Conference against a Knicks ( 28 - 47 ) that was missing Derrick Rose ( knee ) and exploited New_York 's short - handedness .
The two - time All-Star is closing in on Russell Westbrook for the scoring title , gradually increasing his averages with performances like Monday 's 41 - point explosion .
The Golden_State Warriors earned their 11th win in a row as they defeated the visiting Minnesota Timberwolves 115 - 102 on Saturday night at Oracle_Arena .
The Rockets enter the break with the same record as the Trail Blazers at 36 - 17 .
Derrick Rose , who missed Tuesday ’ s contest , scored just 13 points to go with seven assists and four turnovers .
Sacramento ( 2 - 5 ) has been playing better defense this season , but this was a dud of a performance .
With the victory over the Spurs , the Grizzlies continue to make their case as one of the best teams in the Western_Conference .
Rudy Gay continues to play well in spite on a knee injury , leading his team in minutes with 42 .
The Jazz stifled the Bucks in the second half to walk away with their fifth - straight win .
Ricky Rubio was the other T-Wolves ’ starter to post double - digit points ( 12 ) , while his backup Zach LaVine continued to produce despite coming off the bench , totaling 14 points to pace Minnesota ’ s reserves .
Oklahoma_City ( 6 - 5 ) has been living off the production of Russell Westbrook this season and he simply did n't have any help in this loss .
Both teams combined to score 15 points in the second quarter , an NBA record for the lowest scoring quarter in the shot - clock era .
Joakim Noah returned to the Bulls after missing Mondays ' game with soreness , he had five rebounds and five assists in 28 minutes of action .
Minnesota was 6 - 2 on the road coming into this game , but were unable to add to that impressive record .
Monday 's matchup against a Mavericks defense that had struggled against point guards this season proved to be the final domino to fall in Teague 's resurgence , as he managed a season - high 32 points , and complemented them with eight assists , five rebounds and a steal over 28 highly efficient minutes .
Los_Angeles ( 34 - 21 ) passed Utah in the standings with the win , claiming fourth place in the Western_Conference .
The Bucks went off for their highest - points total of the season , with 137 in the game , while shooting a blistering 63 percent from the field .
It was his second impressive performance in a row , combining for 46 points and 20 rebounds over that span .
Greg Monroe endured his worst game in a Bucks uniform to date , amassing only four points , five rebounds , and four assists over 26 minutes .
Nowitzki 's veteran presence and scoring touch has been an integral part of the Mavericks ' season beginning to turn around .
Chicago had been struggling prior to the break , but a road win over a 40 - win team is an impressive feat .
Washington have been one of the best home teams in the NBA this season , but this was a tough task against a feisty Utah team .
Carmelo Anthony had one of his best games of the season , dropping a game - high 35 points on 13 - of - 27 shooting .
The Jazz shot 52 percent from the field and 53 percent from long range , including a franchise - best 17 - made three - pointers in a game ; while their defense held the Lakers to only 31 percent from the field .
The Jazz secured a surprising victory over one of the best teams in the Western_Conference on Monday .
The Rockets came into this game in the second half of a back - to - back and they played tired .
Cleveland had its first truly competitive game since the All-Star break , but still managed to win by nine points .
Nick Young surprisingly tied Clarkson for the team scoring lead with an unexpected 22 - point night off the bench , following four consecutive games in which he 'd only mustered single - digit point totals .
With the win , Golden_State completed the season sweep over Dallas .
Worth noting is Harden 's eight turnovers , which matched his season high on the year .
Hassan Whiteside returned from a facial injury to total 15 points and 13 rebounds .
Rondo had one of his more productive games , compiling 13 points , seven rebounds , seven assists and three steals .
Dallas ' comeback victory puts the Mavericks one game ahead of the Trail_Blazers in the win column .
Stephen Curry showed once again why he 's an MVP candidate , canning six three - pointers on his way to scoring 28 points .
Since scoring 40 points against the Lakers on Nov. 20 , Butler has been scoring 29 points per game while shooting 49 percent from the field .
Curry drained eight three - pointers on the night , tying a season high , at an impressive 62 percent clip .
Paul George had one of his worst games of the year , as he tallied 12 points , two rebounds and one assist while dealing with foul trouble of his own .
Brooklyn enjoyed one of their best shooting nights from the field on the season , tallying 50 percent or better success rates from both the field and three - point range .
It was n't the usual cast of characters that carried the Hawks to their comeback victory against the Rockets on Thursday , as Tim Hardaway Jr. , Dwight Howard and rookie DeAndre Bembry all put together season - best performances in the outing .
The Clippers ( 44 - 31 ) , perhaps feeling the lingering effects of playing five games over the course of the last week , could n't score between the 5:16 and 3:3 marks of the fourth period and ultimately saw Sacramento outscore them by a 33 - 21 tally in the final 12 minutes .
Orlando ( 25 - 45 ) avoided a five - game losing streak by beating the Suns on Friday .
The Celtics go into the break on a high note and will resume play with a three - game road swing starting in Sacramento on Feb. 20 .
Power forward Zach Randolph had his best game of the young season , as he tallied 20 points and 11 rebounds in the absence of Gasol .
Charlotte ( 4 - 1 ) continues to grow after a resurgent 2015 - 16 season , as they overcame a double - digit deficit in this road win .
However , Tuesday 's big - time performance from the big man showed what he is capable of when he can get things rolling offensively .
Curry had broken his own single - season three - point record earlier in the game .
Utah had won four of their last five games until coughing up a close one to the Lakers .
That was on full display Sunday , as the Splash Bros. made a rather spectacular appearance in Central Florida .
The Charlotte Hornets ( 3 - 5 ) were outscored 27 - 15 in the fourth quarter by the Portland Trail_Blazers ( 5 - 3 ) on Tuesday at the Moda_Center in Portland and took a 102 - 100 loss .
The improving Nuggets ( 26 - 33 ) hung tough through three quarters , and the two teams entered the final period knotted at 68 .
Bismack Biyombo played well against his former team , as he accrued eight points , 12 rebounds and three blocks in the defeat .
Nerlens Noel , making his season debut after recovering from a knee injury , was only able to log 10 minutes off the bench before being forced from the game with a sprained ankle .
The Boston Celtics ( 20 - 31 ) made an unbelievable comeback to defeat the top - seeded Atlanta Hawks ( 43 - 10 ) 89 - 88 on Wednesday at the TD_Garden .
Chicago shot just over 40 percent as a unit , and are now on the outside looking in to the NBA playoffs .
Luol Deng followed Johnson 's team - leading effort with a 17 - point , 10 - rebound double - double that also included two assists .
Harden finished the game with a season - high 45 points , shooting 12 - of - 18 from the floor , 7 - of - 12 from beyond the arc , and 14 - of - 15 from the line .
While only Kevin Durant and Stephen Curry were able to post double - digit scoring for the visitors , the Grizzlies ( 17 - 8 ) countered with seven such performances , including one from each member of their starting five .
On Thursday , superstar Chris Paul bounced back from a disaster of a night on Wednesday to record 18 points and 14 assists .
Denver ( 14 - 21 ) had to play this game in the second half of a back - to - back set and they clearly were hampered by that fact in this loss .
The Grizzlies ( 33 - 23 ) had a tough task here against a hungry Warriors team and they simply did n't have enough to compete in this game .
Boston appeared to be the heavy favorite on paper , but Phoenix has been a much better team over recent weeks .
Jon Leuer received a second consecutive start in place of Markieff Morris , and although he could n't replicate his 20 - point outing from Wednesday , he did post a second straight double - digit scoring effort with 13 points over 23 minutes .
Arron Afflalo scored his most points since joining the Blazers , adding 21 points in 29 minutes .
They had dropped three straight games before pulling out the win over the injury - depleted Thunder .
The Jazz ( 18 - 11 ) had won four straight before being blown out on Tuesday .
The Bucks have had a rough season , but this win could be a springboard for a needed run .
Jeremy Lin got the start as Ronnie Price ( elbow ) sat out again , and Kobe Bryant continues to sit regularly to keep his aging body rested .
Charlotte 's Nicolas Batum has spent his career stuffing the stat sheet , a talent he showed off on Monday .
Marcin Gortat matched Wall 's scoring total and added eight boards and one assist .
Marcin Gortat matched Wall 's scoring total and added eight boards and one assist .
George ’ s 26 points per game ( prior to Saturday ’ s performance ) ranked fifth in the league and he has also seen success from the 3 - point line , save for tonight , as he finished 4 - of - 12 from deep .
D.J Augustin 's resurgence continued Tuesday as he lit Miami up for 25 points and 13 assists to help the Pistons to their 19th win on the season .
Kyrie Irving , the only Cavalier who looked like he 'd come to play in Sunday 's lackluster outing , put together a 22 - point , six - assist , three - rebound performance that also included a steal .
Brandon Bass had one of his better games of the season and contributed 18 points and seven rebounds off the bench .
Meanwhile , Eric Gordon , who was coming off a brutal 3 - of - 17 shooting performance in Tuesday 's loss to the Heat , bounced back in a huge way .
After Wednesday 's win over the red - hot Houston Rockets , the Minnesota Timberwolves have officially conquered just their second two - game win streak of the 2016 - 17 season .
The Bulls ( 12 - 7 ) knocked off the Hornets ( 4 - 15 ) 102 - 95 Wednesday night in Charlotte .
Carmelo Anthony ( knee ) returned to the starting lineup after missing Friday ’ s game against the Memphis Grizzlies with knee soreness , but it was not enough to give the Knicks a needed spark , as they now own a five game losing streak .
After recording only eight points on Sunday , it was a nice bounce back game for him .
On the second night of a back - to - back set without both Joel Embiid and Jahlil Okafor , Philadelphia managed to find a way to pull away late and end Milwaukee 's win streak at one game .
Gay was a late decision to play , after missing the last game with a sore ankle .
Chicago also got another stellar performance from rookie Nikola Mirotic , who scored 15 points off the bench .
The Golden_State Warriors ( 50 ) remained undefeated Wednesday , as they vanquished the Los_Angeles Clippers ( 4 - 1 ) Wednesday by a score of 112 - 108 at ORACLE Arena in Oakland .
Devin Booker could n't come anywhere close to his 70 - point effort from Friday night , but his 23 points did lead the Suns on the afternoon .
Boston attempted only one more two - point shot ( 47 ) than three - point shots ( 46 ) , and they shattered their previous single - game high in three - point attempts by 11 .
Jeremy Lin was next with a second consecutive productive outing , tallying 21 points , four assists , two rebounds and a steal .
Favors recorded 20 points and eight boards to fall just shy of his fourth - straight double - double .
However , the Magic were still able to outperform the Hawks from the field , tallying a 46 percent success rate as compared to Atlanta 's 39 percent tally .
However , Gerald Henderson looked healthy for the first time since having hip surgery in July , scoring 12 points on 6 - of - 10 shooting in just 18 minutes off the bench .
Reggie Jackson returned to a bench role as the backup poist guard .
The win came as a much - needed momentum - changer for the Spurs ( 6 - 3 ) , who had lost three of their previous four games .
The 30 - year - old superstar was coming off of a grueling overtime game in New Orleans the night before , so his absence is indicative of the team wanting to preserve their star 's energy .
Green seems to have busted out of his shooting slump and scored 14 points on 5 - of - 10 shooting , although his four turnovers was above his average .
It was a very nice bounce - back outing for the forward , as he posted just four points on 1 - of - 8 shooting from the field during Monday 's game against the Warriors .
The Nets host the East-leading Atlanta Hawks on Wednesday four days removed from a 131 - 99 loss in Atlanta .
This game attained instant - classic status with some late game heroics from unlikely characters .
The Heat had lost five of their last six before grabbing this road win .
The Clippers have dominated both ends of the floor en route to a league - best record , and Monday was no exception .
Orlando ( 24 - 44 ) ended with a disappointing loss despite a stellar offensive outing of their own .
The Knicks lost out on the Goran Dragic sweepstakes to the Heat on Thursday and then lost to Miami on Friday .
The Boston Celtics ( 5 - 11 ) defended their home court well in this game , knocking off the Detroit Pistons ( 3 - 15 ) 109 - 102 in overtime on Wednesday night at the TD_Garden .
Westbrook finished with yet another triple - double of 43 points , 11 rebounds and 10 assists in 38 minutes .
Russell Westbrook ( broken right hand ) made his return to the court Friday in impressive fashion .
The Magic ( 21 - 36 ) had lost 16 of 20 headed into this game , so a road win against someone as hot as Miami has to be an encouraging sign .
The double - double was his first since the end of January , as Chandler was a force on the glass Wednesday .
The Grizzlies ( 37 - 30 ) carried a five - game losing streak into this matchup , so a dominating win is just what they needed to get out of this rut .
Orlando ( 10 - 13 ) has really struggled on offense this season and this 87 - point effort only adds to those deficiencies .
Center Rudy Gobert , meanwhile , told the media earlier in the day that he would use being snubbed from the All-Star Game to fuel himself to perform as the season goes on .
John Leuer continued his impressive play as of late , contributing 20 points on 8 - 13 shooting , along with six rebounds and five assists .
Trade deadline acquisition Markieff Morris made his debut with the Wizards on Friday after being dealt just before the deadline by the Phoenix Suns .
With just a tad more support for Lowry , the Raptors could have conceivably put an end to the Warriors ' perfect record .
Justin Anderson 's career - high 19 points off the bench led the Sixers .
DeMarcus Cousins was one of the lone bright spots , as he contributed his first of many double - doubles this season .
The Sixers are on track for a historically poor season , as they now sit at 4 - 37 despite leading the Bulls by 24 points midway through the game .
Reigning MVP Steph Curry hit the game - winning shot , a record - tying 12th in the game .
The stellar outing was not enough for the win , however , as New_York 's struggles continued to show .
In his two games since making a full return to the Hornets ' rotation , Lamb has posted a total of 39 points and 26 rebounds , which included a career - high 17 rebounds in their win over the Knicks .
The Toronto Raptors ( 21 - 13 ) outscored their opponents 30 - 12 in the fourth , defeating the Charlotte Hornets ( 17 - 15 ) 104 - 94 .
Avery Bradley returned from a recent illness to compile 14 points , three rebounds and two assists .
After losing two games in a row , the Clippers ran into the struggling Timberwolves at the right time , as they were able to take home the 13 - point victory in front of their home crowd .
Sacramento ( 8 - 13 ) has struggled this season , though center DeMarcus Cousins has not . ' Boogie ' has continued to play at an All-Star level and did so in Wednesday 's win , scoring a team - high 24 points on 10 - of - 16 shooting .
In his absence Greivis Vasquez got his second straight start and scored 12 points on 5 - of - 8 shooting in 34 minutes .
In addition to his game - winning assist , DeRozan pitched in with 23 points after a slow first half , and added three rebounds and two assists .
They spearheaded a Hornets attack that led to Charlotte 's third - highest scoring total of the season .
The Pelicans ( 33 - 43 ) wanted to show up for their big trade deadline acquisition against his former team and they did just that in this dominating win .
The Bulls ( 31 - 32 ) had to play this game without Dwyane Wade and Rajon Rondo , as they simply did n't have enough bullets in the arsenal for this matchup .
DeMarre Carroll ( groin ) returned to action and was put right back into the starting lineup .
Worst-case scenario , the Spurs fall to sixth place with a Rockets loss and a Grizzlies win .
He went just 2 - for - 10 from the field and 1 - for - 5 from deep to score seven points , marking his second poor performance in a row .
Center Hassan Whiteside also came off the bench , recording 16 rebounds and three blocks in the type of performance that fans have begun to expect from him .
Pau Gasol recorded his second double - double of the season , going for 16 points and 13 rebounds in 40 minutes .
Nerlens Noel added to his Rookie of the Year resume , scoring a career - high 23 points , grabbing 14 rebounds , recording five steals , blocking three shots and notching one assist in 32 minutes .
This was a tough defeat for the Thunder , as it pushes them to a half - game back from the New Orleans Pelicans for the final projected playoff spot in the West .
Rudy Gobert continues to be dominant on the glass , recording his second 22 - rebound game in his last three outings , to go along with nine points .
Wiggins , who is averaging 21 points on 48 percent shooting in January , departed late in the fourth quarter due to flu - like symptoms .
Star forward Carmelo Anthony was named an All-Star reserve earlier in the night , and played like an All-Star in the game .
The Magic ( 28 - 53 ) had a tough task here against a motivated Bulls team and this ended up being one of their ugliest losses of the season .
Tiago Splitter ( calf ) played in a second straight game , earning a season - high 15 minutes of run off the bench .
In a battle between two teams battling for a playoff spot , the more experienced team went on a late run to cap off a big road win .
Davis also hauled in 20 rebounds , making him only the third player to score 50+ points and grab 20 rebounds , since the 1963/64 season .
Even though it 's a loss , this game can be something to build off of for this underperforming Kings squad .
He also got to the free throw line 10 times , and was able to convert on nine of those attempts , pushing his season scoring average to 21 points per game .
Forward Kawhi Leonard continues to show an improved all - around offensive game , as he poured in 27 points on a slick 9 - 15 shooting , including four three - pointers .
Gorgui Dieng added another double - double to his resume , finishing with 14 points and 13 rebounds .
This snaps the Grizzlies three - game win streak , while Westbrook added to his ridiculous triple - double count , as he notched his 25th of the season .
In this potential playoff preview , Toronto showed just how good they can be in their home building .
Perry Jones has become the team 's defacto go - to scorer of late , and he finished with 23 points in 41 minutes .
The Nets ( 9 - 39 ) have just one win in their last 18 games , but this was a valiant effort against a hot Miami team .
Steph Curry has had a great season , but he was just majestic on Friday .
Gordon chipped in with his second double - double in as many nights , recording 12 points , hauling in 10 boards , dishing out three assists and also recording a steal and a block .
This now gives Phoenix their fourth win in their last eight games , Brandon Knight led the team with 22 points , while also providing six rebounds and three assists .
The adage `` live by the three , die by the three `` rang true Tuesday night for the Warriors .
The Jazz ( 36 - 22 ) have been one of the best teams in the league over recent weeks and they came out of the All-Star break with some fury .
New_York ( 8 - 7 ) has been playing better recently and wins like this only give them more momentum going forward .
Paul George once again led Indiana , as he tallied 22 points , three rebounds , four assists , two steals and two blocks .
Losers of three straight entering Saturday 's contest , Washington was trying to bounce back on their home court after enduring a 33 - point loss to the Celtics on Friday in which they 'd mustered a season - low 78 points .
The Rockets ( 52 - 25 ) had James Harden sidelined with the flu , which worked favorably into their schedule given the last placed Western_Conference team , the Suns ( 22 - 56 ) were the opponent .
The 25 - year - old guard collected 18 of his 23 second - half points in the fourth quarter , helping Charlotte pull away from the Lakers by a 10 - point margin at game 's end .
The Bulls ( 40 - 41 ) were tied for the eighth - seed in the east coming into this game , so to say this win was crucial would be a drastic understatement .
Dallas was coming off of back - to - back losses heading into Wednesday 's game , and a matchup against the Knicks was just what the doctor ordered .
The reigning two - time Defensive Player of the Year scored the final 10 points for the Spurs and accumulated 16 of his 27 points in the fourth quarter .
He then was relegated to the bench in his first game back Monday , and shot 3 - for - 14 from the field during an embarassing 119 - 68 beatdown at the hands of the Spurs .
The Mavericks led just about the whole way en route to their eighth win in nine games and fourth straight on the road .
With Kevin Garnett sitting out on a night of rest , Adreian Payne moved back into the starting lineup for the fourth time this season .
The Rockets ( 15 - 4 ) extended their winning streak to three games , knocking off the Timberwolves ( 4 - 14 ) 114 - 112 in Minneapolis on Friday .
Russell Westbrook posted yet another near triple - double in Tuesday 's loss to the Lakers .
The Blazers were riding a three - game winning streak and a win could have got them all tied up with the Jazz for the eighth spot in the West .
Steph Cwas the catalyst once again , as he accumulated 35 points , nine assists and five rebounds in the win .
Nerlens Noel also had his second - biggest outing of the season in terms of points , scoring 18 to go along with seven boards and four blocked shots .
With the victory , Golden_State won the season series against Utah 3 - 1 .
In this potential playoff preview , Cleveland suffered an incredible collapse .
New_Orleans was one of the worst road teams in the league last year going 9 - 32 , while the Spurs were the best home team , with a 40 - 1 record .
The reigning Defensive Player of the Year hit 9 - of - 17 from the field and all seven of his free - throws .
With the tally resting at 113 - 102 in favor of the Hawks at the final horn , the Mike Budenholzer-coached squad marked a fifth consecutive margin of victory in double figures .
Nerlens Noel had his best game of the season , accumulating 19 points , eight rebounds , five assists , two steals and three blocks .
For Dallas , Monday 's win may have been the biggest of the season .
Tuesday 's performance was yet another example for the Spaniard , as he posted a game - high 16 assists , which was his highest total since he dished out 17 on Jan. 11 against the Rockets .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 13 - 9 ) protected their home court , defeating the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 3 - 16 ) by a score of 100 - 87 on Friday night .
OKC ( 40 - 30 ) came into the game relatively hot but were stopped cold by the powerhouse Warriors .
Terrence Jones ( ribs ) returned to the starting lineup after a six - game absence .
In a surprising effort , the Sixers were able to come out victorious and end their drought .
In a surprise performance , the Jazz were able to take down one of the best teams in their conference , while notching their third straight victory as well .
The double - double comes as a follow - up to a dominant 20 - rebound performance .
Bosh recorded his third double - double of the year , going for 23 points and 13 rebounds , while Wade had 25 points and seven assists .
The Thunder ( 21 - 13 ) have gotten a historic season from Russell Westbrook and he only added to his numbers with yet another triple - double .
Reigning Rookie of the Year Karl-Anthony Towns recorded a triple - double , with 15 points , 11 rebounds , and 10 assists .
Sophomore point guard Emmanuel Mudiay , meanwhile , had a rare night of offensive efficiency , scoring 22 points on 7 - of - 11 shooting .
Robert Covington was notably scoreless over 28 minutes , the second straight game in which he 's notched a zero in the scoring column .
Not only did Augustin record his second straight double - double , he did so without committing a single turnover .
To open the final quarter , the Thunder made a run as they were able to out - score the Nuggets 26 - 19 , but came up just short in their comeback attempt and will take their tenth loss of the season , and third in as many games .
The Miami Heat ( 32 - 36 ) improved their playoff odds with a 108 - 91 win over the Denver Nuggets ( 26 - 44 ) , running their winning streak to three games .
Power forward Thaddeus Young shone once again , posting 18 points on 9 - 16 shooting to add to what has been an impressive season for the veteran .
While these teams are playing below expectations , they put on a show in this game , There were 10 ties and 11 lead changes in total , as neither team led by more than 11 points .
The Grizzlies ( 21 - 14 ) have a well - earned defensive reputation , but their thorough domination of the Thunder ( 20 - 13 ) was significantly helped by the ejection of Russell Westbrook for back - to - back technical fouls after 23 minutes for arguing a referee 's call .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 32 - 12 ) extended their lead on the Eastern_Conference with a 115 - 93 home win over the plummeting Phoenix Suns ( 14 - 33 ) .
The 21 - point effort was Singler 's first double - digit scoring game of the season .
Timofey Mozgov turned in one of his best offensive performances of the season , totaling 14 points and five rebounds over a productive 20 minutes .
Ian Mahinmi was strong down low for the second consecutive game , managing 14 points , nine rebounds , two assists , two steals and a block .
Andrew Wiggins pitched in a team - high 21 points , the fifth consecutive contest that he has tallied at least 20 on the stat sheet .
The recently - acquired Amar ' e Stoudemire came off the bench and put up 14 points to go along with four rebounds , two assists and two steals .
The second - year guard was 8 - of - 12 from the floor , including 3 - of - 4 from three - point range .
Jonas Valanciunas was back in the lineup but came off the bench , in his first game back after being out with a broken hand .
He was in the starting lineup for only the fifth time this season , and he capitalized on his opportunity .
The Los_Angeles Lakers ( 13 - 51 ) upset the league - leading Golden_State Warriors ( 55 - 6 ) on Sunday , 112 - 95 .
On Sunday , the Orlando Magic bounced back from a tough stretch to take down the Toronto Raptors .
The Sixers fell to 5 - 38 despite the valiant effort , and remain in last place in the Eastern_Conference 's Atlantic Division .
The Mavericks are now 2 - 2 in their last four games , with Barnes combining for nine points on 4 - of - 17 shooting in the losses and combining for 41 points on a wildly impressive 18 - of - 31 ( 58 percent ) shooting from the field in the victories , showing that Dallas , at this point in the season , are going wherever Barnes takes them .
The standout performances , along with some strong late - game defensive play , helped New_Orleans overcome the 85 - 74 deficit they entered the fourth quarter with , leading to their third home victory of the season .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 57 - 19 ) throttled the Brooklyn Nets ( 35 - 41 ) by a score of 131 - 99 to tie the franchise record for wins Saturday at the Philips_Arena .
Toronto ( 18 - 8 ) has been dominant on the offensive end this season , but a 121 - point outing did n't quite get it done here .
Nick Young totaled 17 points , a rebound and a steal as the only starter to manage double - digit scoring , as the Lakers played without the injured D'Angelo Russell and Julius Randle .
LaMarcus Aldridge had one of his best games in a silver uniform , as he tallied 26 points and 13 rebounds in the win .
The Timberwolves may have reached the lowest point of their very low season , as they only had eight active players for Sunday 's matchup with the likes of Kevin Garnett ( knee ) , Ricky Rubio ( ankle ) and Nikola Pekovic ( ankle ) all out .
The Pistons have struggled on the road all season , going just 17 - 23 away from home , and Wednesday was no exception .
Continuing to come off the bench since returning from MCL surgery , Anthony Morrow struggled mightily as well , shooting only 1 - for - 9 from the field and 0 - for - 2 from beyond the arc for four points .
Salah Mejri had a historically bad game , as he fouled out in five minutes , while failing to record a single stat aside from a turnover .
Valanciunas finished with 10 points and 11 rebounds to record his first double - double of the season .
The week went even better for point guard Kemba Walker , who set a franchise record with 52 points against Utah to kick off the week , only to drop 40 two games later .
The Rockets ( 35 - 16 ) had to play this game in the second half of a back - to - back set and they were clearly tired in this loss .
The Clippers are the far superior team and they showed why in this win .
Stephen Curry surpassed the 40 - point mark for only the second time since Dec. 5 , while Klay Thompson broke the 30 - point barrier for the second time in the last three games .
The Hornets ( 8 - 6 ) mounted a huge comeback to defeat the Kings ( 5 - 10 ) 127 - 122 in overtime at Time_Warner_Cable_Arena on Monday .
Brandon Knight had a second straight game with good across - the - board numbers , finishing with 13 points , seven rebounds , and eight assists in 29 minutes .
James Harden put the Rockets on his back , recording a triple - double in his second game back from his one - game suspension .
DeMarcus Cousins was named as an injury replacement for Kobe Bryant ( shoulder ) on Friday for the All-Star Game , and he celebrated with 21 points , 13 rebounds and five steals .
Jabari Brown came off the bench and scored 22 points to help the Lakers achieve their 20th win of the season .
Defensively , elite rim protector Rudy Gobert anchored one of Utah 's most impressive outings of the season .
Kawhi Leonard once again carried the load , as he tallied 31 points , seven rebounds , six assists and three steals .
For the Kings , Cousins returned in a big way , recording 21 points and 12 rebounds in 32 minutes , but shot just 5 - of - 20 from the field .
Despite playing a competitive game through four quarters , the Nets provided a textbook example of how statistics can sometimes be deceiving .
The Kings hit only nine three - pointers and have seen a sharp decline in both three - point makes and attempts since their deadline dealings .
Denver managed to record a 15 - point victory despite an unusual performance from one of its best players .
The second half of the Southeast Division rivals ' home - and - home series turned out to be a fitting encore for Sunday 's thriller , although Orlando looked like an improbable victor early in Monday 's contest .
Rookie D'Angelo Russell tallied only nine points over 24 minutes , marking the third time in four games that he 's failed to score in double digits .
Tucker , also making his Raptors debut , generated nine points , 10 boards , one assist and a trio of steals .
Stephen Curry ( ankle ) returned to the starting lineup after missing Tuesday ’ s game .
Randolph tallied 18 points and 12 rebounds in his best game off the bench this season .
The Hornets ' 114 points were the most scored against the Spurs this season , and came on the strength of eight players hitting double digits in the scoring column .
Ironically enough , most of their success can be pointed to the improved play of their bench since Jeremy Lin and Carlos Boozer were moved into reserve roles .
Nicolas Batum ( migraines ) tallied eight points and 10 boards in his return .
Anthony Davis took the reins for the Pelicans and came one block shy of posting the first triple - double of the season .
This was one of the best offensive performances that the Bucks have had all season and it 's a shame they couldn ’ t keep the Thunder off the free - throw line .
DeMarcus Cousins needed more than his 18 points and poor shooting effort to make it a closer contest , but was a monster on the rebounding effort , evidenced by his 18 points and 14 rebounds .
With Dwyane Wade sitting out with a hamstring injury , rookie Shabazz Napier moved into the starting lineup for the first time in his career .
He only played 17 minutes in Friday 's win over the Sixers , but he was back to a normal amount of minutes Sunday , playing a full game 's worth of 28 .
Curry finished Tuesday 's game with seven assists as well , making it the seventh time this season that Curry has recorded at least seven assists and seven rebounds in the same game .
Brandon Ingram paced the starting five with 18 points , five boards , three assists , one steal and one block in his return from a three - game absence due to a knee injury .
As has become usual for the historic Warriors offense , it was a big night on the offensive end .
The Clippers came into Saturday ’ s matchup as part of the second game of a back - to - back , and utilized the 3 - point shot to make up for defensive breakdowns early in the game .
At this point of the season , we have grown accustomed to the Warriors impressive 3 - point shooting , and tonight was no different , as Golden_State shot 48 percent from deep as a unit .
Charlotte was coming off two days rest and was able to easily defeat a Denver club that had lost eight of its last nine games coming into Saturday .
The Atlanta Hawks fell just short of a road win against the Phoenix Suns , even with one of Dennis Schroder 's best games of the season .
He got off 26 total Wednesday , while going 11 - for - 26 from the field for 38 points .
Hassan Whiteside recorded yet another double - double , amassing 24 points , 13 rebounds and three blocks .
Westbrook actually recorded his 10th assist in overtime , so if it weren ’ t for the extra session , Westbrook would have fallen an assist shy of a triple - double in back - to - back games .
James Harden could not sink a last - second , three - point attempt , leading to Houston 's third loss in a row and Utah 's second win in a row .
Reigning Rookie of the Year Karl-Anthony Towns led the team with 22 points on perfect shooting .
The Wizards ( 39 - 24 ) , who have now won three straight road games to improve their record away from home to 13 - 15 , won Wednesday 's matchup in fairly effortless fashion , as they opened up the game early and went into halftime with a 17 - point lead .
This was an impressive victory for the Cavs as they were against Oklahoma_City 's strong home record , which is now 25 - 7 .
The Dallas Mavericks ( 9 - 4 ) continued thier hot start to the season and grabbed their sixth win in a row Friday night as they beat the Utah Jazz ( 6 - 6 ) 102 - 93 .
Memphis saw Tony Allen return to the lineup after missing two games with a sore knee and hamstring .
After a dismal offensive showing in the opener versus the Cavaliers , the Grizzlies put together a balanced offensive attack to derail the Pacers , benefiting from a particularly productive night from their bench .
He also handed out 11 assists , notching his fourth double - double in his last five games .
Golden_State ( 27 - 4 ) had a tough task here in a back - to - back set , but they pulled out another huge win on the road .
In a battle of winless teams , the Magic took down the Pelicans in a poorly played game .
Two of the NBA 's hottest teams met at TD_Garden on Wednesday night , as the Boston Celtics ( 37 - 25 ) crushed the Portland Trail_Blazers ( 33 - 29 ) 116 - 93 .
Tyler Ulis had one of his best games as well , accruing nine points , four rebounds , five assists and five steals in the defeat .
Willy Hernangomez continued his strong play by tallying eight points , 13 rebounds , one assist , two steals and one block over 24 minutes off the bench .
On the other side , Toronto 's DeMar DeRozan has wasted no time returning to form since coming back from his four - game absence with a lingering ankle injury .
Thompson sat out the entire fourth quarter , otherwise he may have been able to make a push to surpass Kobe Bryant 's 81 - point effort for the second - most points ever in an NBA contest .
The Celtics had a comeback win over the Philadelphia 76ers in their last game in which they finished the game on a 16 - 4 run .
The only other Blazer to score in double digits was Al-Farouq Aminu , who had a strong game with 17 points on 7 - 14 shooting , 3 - 5 from deep and four rebounds .
Denver ( 23 - 28 ) is still narrowly holding on to eighth in the Western_Conference standings after Monday 's win .
In his first contest with the Suns , he came off the bench and had 13 points and five assists in 25 minutes against the Chicago Bulls , a 112 - 107 loss on Saturday .
James Jones had a chance to win the game for the Cavaliers with a three at the buzzer , but had it blocked , therefore giving the Rockets their fifth win in a row .
The Wizards ( 31 - 21 ) had won 17 - straight home games headed into this matchup and it took a monster effort from the Cavaliers to snap that lengthy streak .
Nerlens Noel starter for Embiid and accumulated 19 points , eight rebounds , five assists , two steals and three blocks in his best game of the season .
Memphis should have an easier night Saturday when they take on the experience - challenged Philadelphia 76ers on the road .
This is obviously a dangerous team and a disappointing win like this just shows how good they are .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 40 - 25 ) improved to 21 - 5 over the past 26 games with their win over the Phoenix Suns ( 33 - 31 ) , 89 - 79 .
Nikola Mirotic has been struggling recently , but he had one of his best games of the season here , amassing 17 points , seven assists , five rebounds , two steals and two blocks in the victory .
The Staples_Center will be busy on Sunday , with the Raptors facing the Los_Angeles Clippers ( 6 - 6 ) in the matinee , and the Lakers hosting the Portland Trail_Blazers ( 5 - 9 ) at night .
With Ricky Rubio still sidelined with an ankle injury , Zach LaVine continued to run as one of the starting guards for the second game in a row during Monday 's loss .
Miami was able to dominate the contest with outstanding shooting and highly productive performances from their starters as well , as they tallied an impressive 56 shooting percentage from the field , and a solid 44 percent from beyond the arc .
One night after clinching the Northwest Division title , Portland would have had every right to rest its starters .
The Charlotte Hornets ( 48 - 34 ) closed out the season with their fourth win in five games , this time an easy 117 - 103 win over the Orlando Magic ( 35 - 47 ) .
They entered the game without the depth of Rajon Rondo ( thumb/shoulder ) and Marco Belinelli ( ankle ) , which posed major mismatches in the backcourt .
After his 22 - point performance in Tuesday 's win over the Bulls , Harris is now averaging 20 points per game while shooting 53 percent from the field overall and a scorching 48 percent from behind the arc .
DeMarcus Cousins warmed up prior to the game , but ultimately decided not to play for the second straight game with an ailing calf .
Tyson Chandler had one of his best games of the season , totaling 14 points and 21 rebounds .
Brandon Ingram 's career - high 22 points paced the Lakers .
After combining to go just 3 - for - 10 from the field and 0 - for - 5 from the three - point line during Monday 's game against the Rockets , Gerald Henderson and Kemba Walker had much better performances this time around .
Chase Budinger provided 23 points off the bench in 29 minutes , increasing his average to 13 points per game over the last eight contests .
Jabari Parker scored 20 of his own , hitting a career - high five three - pointers .
While the Magic were able to out - rebound the Bulls 45 - 35 , they were forced into 18 turnovers , which may have been just enough to push the Bulls to win number 32 on the season and keep them a half game ahead of the Cleveland Cavaliers in the Central Division .
He posted 20 points ( 8 - 12 FG , 4 - 6 FT ) and 12 rebounds , notching his second double - double in as many games with the Thunder .
The superstar followed up the monster night with another 20 - rebound performance on Tuesday , though he failed to reach double - digit scoring .
Chicago 's guard duo of Derrick Rose and Jimmy Butler impressively found success against one of the stingier backcourt defenses in the league , with the pair tallying 27 and 28 points , respectively .
Charlotte are trying to keep their playoff hopes alive and road wins like this are crucial for that pursuit .
Valanciunas added 12 rebounds for one of his biggest nights of the season .
LeBron James and Kevin Love carried the load like they have been all season and they 're becoming one of the best tandems in the NBA right now .
Channing Frye played 32 minutes in his second game back from an MCL sprain which forced him to miss most of the preseason .
Rookie Elfrid Payton , the tenth overall selection in last summer 's draft , had the best game of his young career on Friday .
Clarkson has shown off his high potential of late , posting 12 points , four assists , and two steals in the Lakers ' previous matchup against Houston .
The Raptors came out of the gate strong in their first post All-Star break game .
With both Kevin Durant and Serge Ibaka out due to injury , Russell Westbrook continued to put on a show .
Dante Exum was joined in the starting lineup by fellow rookie Rodney Hood , who was cleared of concussion symptoms after missing the previous game .
Harden 's increased assist totals have just been one statistical effect of D'Antoni 's run - and - gun offense , as the Rockets have upped their three - point shooting numbers significantly .
Coming off a 125 - point performance against Cleveland on Thursday , San_Antonio posted its second - highest point total of the season against the Timberwolves .
However , the reeling Nets ( 9 - 42 ) proved to be exactly the cure for what ailed them Sunday , as they turned the ball over a whopping 21 times on the way to their 20th home loss of the season .
The Bulls , who were again without Derrick Rose ( hamstring ) , struggled to get production from their starting five , which combined for only 37 points on 13 - of - 44 shooting .
Phoenix ( 6 - 14 ) came in with a league - worst defense and they left feeling even more discouraged .
Lou Williams burned his old team once again while pacing the Rockets , as he tallied 30 points , seven assists , four rebounds and two steals .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 48 - 32 ) defeated the visiting Boston Celtics ( 47 - 33 ) 118 - 107 , Saturday night at Philips_Arena The Hawks pulled off a major comeback in order to take the advantage over the Celtics in the battle for third place in the East .
The Milwaukee Bucks snapped a two - game losing streak as they stomped over the visiting Washington Wizards 123 - 96 , at BMO_Harris_Bradley_Center on Friday evening , Washington came into this game winners of six of their last eight games , while Milwaukee came in as losers of five of their last seven , however judging by the final score one might have assumed that each team was on the opposite trend , as the struggling Bucks rolled over the surging Wizards .
The recent form of these teams would indicate an easy Milwaukee win , but Atlanta made a huge comeback for a much needed victory .
Jimmy Butler now has 96 points , 16 rebounds , 21 assists and 12 steals across his last three games , after he dropped 37 points , eight rebounds and nine assist in this win .
Joe Johnson also returned to the Nets after missing Sunday 's practice for personal reasons .
The Grizzlies , meanwhile , will hope to bounce back from the loss as they face off against Phoenix on Sunday .
Dallas ( 2 - 9 ) is dealing with as many injuries as anyone right now , but there 's no excuse for 64 points in an NBA game .
Shooting efficiency was the key to the Kings success , while also being the downfall of any Suns comeback in a loss to Sacramento on Wednesday .
The Suns ( 4 - 9 ) had just one road win coming into this game , but they let their frustrations out on an injury - riddled Indiana team here .
Jimmy Butler had one of the best games of his career , accumulating 37 points , eight rebounds and nine assists in the win .
Jeff Teague had one of his best games in the absence of George , as he accumulated 21 points , four rebounds and seven assists in the defeat .
It was n't his best day shooting the ball , but he still did enough to help secure the victory , even with both Dwyane Wade ( hamstring ) and Luol Deng ( calf ) sitting out with injuries .
The big man dropped a season - high 55 points and pulled down 13 rebounds en route to a victory , despite seeing an odd ejection and ensuing rescinding of said ejection .
Standing in their way was a Hawks ( 28 - 21 ) squad that may have still been feeling some of the residual fatigue from their quadruple - overtime classic against the New York Knicks on Sunday afternoon .
The most anticipated matchup of the season resulted in a surprising 30 - point rout in favor of the Warriors .
Pau Gasol recorded his league - leading 52nd double - double , notching 24 points , 13 rebounds and three blocks in 31 minutes .
Golden_State 's offensive attack was paced by Draymond Green , who turned in another one of his trademark stat - sheet - stuffing performances .
Cleveland shot only 44 percent from the field and gave up 17 turnovers but rebounded and assisted well , to earn their 31st home victory .
Offseason acquisition Eric Gordon has proven to be the ideal complement , supplying a 21 - point effort of his own .
Jimmy Butler continues his fantastic run , as he tallied 40 points , seven rebounds and six assists in the win .
Despite getting the start , Derrick Rose again had to the leave the game early , as he was dealing with left hamstring tightness that limited him to only nine minutes .
While the Warriors can certainly grind teams down with defense - - demonstrated Wednesday night when holding the Grizzlies to 85 points - - they 've also shown they can withstand a prolific offense performance from their opponent and still prevail .
Minnesota came into this game as a rare road favorite and didn ’ t disappoint .
After winning two straight coming into this game , the Rockets were able to continue with their momentum and pull off the tight win over the Clippers , who have n't been playing their best basketball of late .
This game marked a big win for the Bucks , who had lost four games in a row .
This was probably the best performance from the Sixers all year , despite in a losing effort .
The Sixers are likely one of the best elixirs for a losing streak , and the Celtics were certainly in need of a victory coming into Sunday .
The 129 points also represented Miami 's highest scoring tally of the season .
The Blazers were able to take a 54 - 43 rebounding advantage , which may have also given them exactly what they needed to pull out the victory at home Monday .
Eric Bledsoe was on track with 31 points , five assists , four rebounds and two steals .
The biggest news for the Bulls though , was seeing Jimmy Butler return to the starting lineup after missing 12 games with an elbow injury .
The French big man , who 's rim - guarding prowess has earned him the nickname of Stifle Tower , added two assists , three blocks and a steal .
The Warriors continued their historically good season with the win in OKC , keeping up pace to break the 1995 - 96 Bulls ' record of 72 - 10 in the regular season .
He proceeded to post 23 points in 39 minutes in this matchup of two of the Eastern_Conference 's top three teams .
Phoenix ( 17 - 39 ) also saw an extremely strong game from point guard Eric Bledsoe .
For the Thunder , meanwhile , the loss comes amid a surge of momentum .
The Warriors did , however , lose a league - best 14 - game win streak after falling to Utah on Monday .
Chicago entered Thursday 's game after a gutting loss to Cleveland on Monday that had people questioning the direction in which the Bulls season was going .
All five starters scored in double figures for the Wizards ( 6 - 12 ) as they dropped their second in a row and continue to look for answers in their sub - prime start to the season .
Lottery pick Elfrid Payton had a somewhat of a disappointing regular season debut , as he only scored four points .
The Kings saw a career - high 30 points from rookie Buddy Hield , who became just the second member of the 2016 draft class to score 30 after teammate Skal Labissiere did the same a month earlier .
Memphis took advantage of their matchup against the worst team in the league to rest their defensive stalwart , but lately , the Nets ( 9 - 46 ) have played hard regardless of the circumstances .
Kelly Oubre , Jr. continued his strong play off the bench with 11 points , three rebounds , a steal and a block .
Oklahoma_City capped off a busy Thursday trade - deadline with a big win over a playoff contender .
He posted his first double - double of the year , going for 14 points and 11 rebounds in 21 minutes .
Rookie Zach LaVine continued to show his potential as well , finishing with 18 points ( 5 - 18 FG , 1 - 5 3Pt , 7 - 8 FT ) , six rebounds and five assists .
Utah ( 31 - 19 ) needed the win to bounce back from losing three of its previous four wins .
While the Jazz offense was a nightmare , the Timberwolves played some of their best defense of the season here .
While the Knicks have already been eliminated from the playoffs , this game did carry some weight in regards to their 2015 NBA Draft lottery odds .
DeMar DeRozan 's 32 - point , 13 - rebound double - double paced Toronto .
Cleveland should fair better in their next game , as they take on the struggling Brooklyn Nets on Friday .
Houston , meanwhile , is fighting to keep their playoff dreams alive .
This loss snapped a three - game winning streak for the Magic , but what really killed them was a 13 - point second quarter .
With Monday 's win , the Jazz win the season series with the Timberwolves 3 - 1 .
The overimte loss came at an unfavorable time for the sliding Mavs , who could be sitting just one game out of the lottery by the All-Star break .
The Wizards , which had played 13 games since the All-Star break coming into Saturday , posted their lowest scoring tally since Feb. 26 , shooting 37 percent from the field and 33 percent from three - point range while committing 12 turnovers .
Dallas ( 10 - 23 ) had just three road wins coming into this matchup , but they showed some serious fight in the second half to get that tally to four .
Fellow rookie Aaron Gordon played a career - high 30 minutes and Channing Frye received his second straight DNP-CD .
In the overtime period Milwaukee outscored Atlanta 13 - 6 , handing the Hawks their second straight loss .
Veteran Kobe Bryant , however , struggled from the field once again , shooting just 5 - of - 16 on the night .
He 's put in two solid performances in a row now , combining for 41 points and 20 rebounds during that stretch .
Reigning MVP and scoring champ Steph Curry had more rebounds than points , ending with a line of eight points , eight assists , and 10 rebounds .
The Bulls ( 31 - 33 ) were in danger of playing Wednesday 's contest without their two most talented players , as Jimmy Butler 's ( illness ) availability suddenly came into question earlier in the day , while Dwyane Wade ( thigh ) was already ruled out .
Khris Middleton matched Brogdon 's scoring total and added five rebounds and an assist .
Khris Middleton matched Brogdon 's scoring total and added five rebounds and an assist .
However , the Jazz managed to muster up some offense and retain their superior position in the standings .
The output followed a season - high 38 - point outburst against the Timberwolves on Tuesday , and a 23 - point effort in just 23 minutes against the Hornets last Sunday .
The Pacers will clinch a playoff berth with a Chicago Bulls loss to the Cleveland Cavaliers on Saturday , or a win Sunday against the Brooklyn Nets .
With Perkins out , the Thunder opted to give rookie Mitch McGary a career - high 23 minutes off the bench in just the third game of his career .
But overall , it was a forgettable offensive night for Dallas , who , with the loss , are now three games behind the Nuggets for the eighth and final playoff spot in the Western_Conference .
Reigning Rookie of the Year Karl-Anthony Towns joined Wiggins as the only other Timberwolve to crack 20 in the game , posting 21 points including nine in the first five minutes .
The Hornets benefited from the return to the starting lineup of Nicolas Batum , who had missed the last two games with a left knee strain , and also saw their second unit contribute 54 points on the night , with three players hitting double - digit scoring .
He also added 12 rebounds , giving him his third double - double in a row .
Center Brook Lopez was able to rest in Monday 's matchup and showed off his fresh legs with a 30 - point , 10 - rebound double - double against the Lakers .
Hassan Whiteside recorded yet another double - double , posting 16 points , 11 rebounds and three blocks in 32 minutes .
Jeff Withey drew the start , as Derrick Favors ( back ) sat his second consecutive game .
Arron Afflalo , who decimated the Hawks on Sunday with a 38 - point barrage , put together a solid encore performance by matching Anthony 's scoring output and adding seven rebounds , four assists and a steal .
Golden_State will look to rebound from its loss to Chicago on Friday in Utah .
Los_Angeles ( 19 - 38 ) had trouble containing Cousins but saw excellent play from its guards and bench .
Three of their most dependable players - - Anthony Davis , Ryan Anderson and Jrue Holiday - - combined for 80 of the team 's 116 points on the night , and New_Orleans turned the ball over just four times on the way to only their sixth road victory of the season .
They also found themselves powerless to stop one of the game 's emerging superstars in Giannis Antetokounmpo , who managed his fourth triple - double in the last 11 games .
In a battle of undefeated Western_Conference teams , the Warriors ( 50 ) prevailed over the Rockets ( 6 - 1 ) 98 - 87 at the Toyota_Center in Houston .
Jeff Green 's 12 points ( 5 - 9 FG ) led Memphis 's starters as the toll of playing through the Grizzlie 's myriad injuries is showing .
After tallying a season - high 123 points in a resounding trouncing of the Milwaukee Bucks on Saturday , the Indiana Pacers turned right around and matched that total in an impressive road win over the Wizards .
The Pacers had lost their last five games in Oklahoma prior to this contest , however they did not let the past dictate the future as they fought hard to earn the road victory against a very tough host .
Knicks rookie , Kristaps Porzingis , struggled for a third consecutive game , and finished the night with zero points and three rebounds in 19 minutes .
The Hornets ( 4 - 4 ) held on to survive the Knicks ( 4 - 5 ) by a score of 95 - 93 at Time_Warner_Cable_Arena on Wednesday .
Denver 's backcourt of rookie guard Jamal Murray , 2016 's seventh overall pick , and sophomore Emmanuel Mudiay , the seventh pick in 2015 , had an even bleaker night , combining for just 4 - of - 26 shooting , seven turnovers , and 0 - of - 8 from three - point range .
Eflrid Payton got his first start in over a month and amassed 15 points , four rebounds , six assists and three steals .
Following his return on Jan. 4 , Waiters found the floor inconsistently as he worked his way back into basketball shape .
Lowry posted 13 points , eight rebounds , five assists , three steals and three blocks , but the inconsistent shooting that has plagued him at times in the season 's early going surfaced once again .
Mason Plumlee made another start in place of Brook Lopez , whom remains out with a back injury .
While Aldrich 's success is likely just the result of a mediocre player getting more minutes on a struggling team , pulling down 19 rebounds is impressive in any context .
Lopez finished with 11 points and six rebounds , a modest line that is signigicant only because he failed to score in double figures in his three previous games since returning from injury .
Kevin Durant missed his fifth straight game , but he did participate in portions of Friday 's shootaround , meaning he could be nearing a return from his sprained ankle .
The Kings had a smorgasbord of double - digit scorers , led by DeMarcus Cousins ' 32 points on outstanding 11 of 15 shooting .
Joel Embiid and Jahlil Okafor started alongside each other for the second straight game and combined for 29 points and 12 rebounds , in less than 30 minutes each .
With the victory , Chicago was able to secure the third seed in the Eastern_Conference playoffs .
The Clippers had lost eight of 11 games before their win over the New Orleans Pelicans on Friday , so this added to that to start a modest two - game winning streak .
The Lakers will welcome Carmelo Anthony and the New_York Knicks ( 27 - 39 ) on Sunday , while the Cavaliers will play the same day , in the same arena , against the Los_Angeles Clippers ( 41 - 22 ) .
With their playoff chances starting to dwindle , the Suns desperately needed a home win Sunday .
Dominant center DeMarcus Cousins lead the game with 26 points and 17 rebounds while also dishing a team - high six assists .
David West ( ankle ) may be close to returning , but C.J .
In a meeting of Southwest Division foes , the Rockets were able to push past the Grizzlies in a tough overtime victory and move to the top of their division standings .
This was a tight contest that was tied at 85 with 2:59 left but the Pelicans pulled away in the last few minutes to snap a three - game losing streak .
The Cavaliers rode James ' dominant performance to their 11th straight at home .
Luc Mbah_a_Moute had a rare offensive outburst by his standards , totaling 12 points and adding three rebounds , one assist and one steal .
Smith continued his solid play at point guard since being acquired back from the Pelicans , pitching in 12 points , seven assists , a rebound and a steal .
The Miami Heat ( 17 - 21 ) defeated the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 12 - 27 ) 78 - 75 on Tuesday at the Staples_Center in Los_Angeles .
Despite being the second - best rebounding team , Chicago lost that battle , 60 - 46 , in their defeat .
The Los_Angeles Clippers ( 14 - 10 ) recorded the franchise 's first ever win in Brooklyn on Saturday , defeating the Nets ( 7 - 16 ) by a score of 105 - 100 .
J.R. Smith is finding a rhythm over his last week and buried four three - pointers in the contest , to go along with an off the backboard assist to James that had even the Lakers fans out of their seats .
Milwaukee 's Giannis Antetokounmpo continued to stuff the stat sheet after a strong finish to his impressive 2016 campaign , though it was n't enough for the Bucks to beat the Hornets on Wednesday .
DeAndre Jordan posted a monster double - double , scoring 18 points and grabbing 16 rebounds .
San_Antonio is comfortably in playoff position , but missed an opportunity to steal a win on the road to gain ground in the West .
Donald Sloan , who scored 31 points in Wednesday ’ s meeting , was limited to 13 points and four rebounds .
As a team , Oklahoma put together one of their better shooting nights of the season , shooting 51 percent overall from the field .
The Hawks used a strong second half , where they outscored the Mavericks 52 - 40 , in order to pull away and earn their sixth straight win .
DeRozan 's usual partner - in - crime , Kyle Lowry , backed him up with 24 points , nine assists , four rebounds , two steals and a block .
From there , they continued to pile it on , as the Nuggets ( 12 - 17 ) , who were playing in their second game of a back - to - back set , simply could n't keep pace .
Brook Lopez , recent Player of the Week award winner , contributed 32 points , reaching 30 points for the sixth time in 11 games .
Coming off the bench , Corey Brewer finished with a team - high of 20 points ( 7 - 17 FG , 2 - 6 3Pt , 4 - 5 FT ) , to go along with six rebounds .
As has become the usual for Sacramento , superstar center DeMarcus `` Boogie `` Cousins led the way in just about every area for the Kings .
Houston ( 54 - 26 ) saw another win in what is turning out to be a very successful season .
After sitting out Wednesday 's game to get some rest , Paul Pierce returned to action Friday and finished with seven points in 29 minutes .
Jonas Valanciunas matched Lowry 's scoring total and added seven rebounds , one assist and one steal .
Denver ( 9 - 15 ) rode one of their best offensive performances here to an impressive road win .
Milwaukee ( 6 - 8 ) played a better game than Toronto , but they simply could n't escape with a much needed win .
After scoring a career - best 25 points in Wednesday ’ s win over the Lakers , Giannis Antetokounmpo set a new career high with 27 points to go with 15 rebounds and four assists .
In a game between two of the fastest - paced teams in the NBA , the offenses were downright ugly tonight .
Recording his second double - double in his last three games , Donatas Motiejunas posted 15 points ( 7 - 15 FG , 0 - 3 3Pt , 1 - 2 FT ) and 10 rebounds in 31 minutes .
The Warriors ( 6 - 2 ) improved to 3 - 1 on their home court with an easy win against the Mavericks ( 2 - 6 ) , but Stephen Curry turned his ankle which silenced the crowd for a minute .
The Hornets brought Al Jefferson back into the starting lineup in place of Cody Zeller ( chest ) , and he responded with a vintage performance .
The Knicks were missing Jose Calderon ( quadriceps ) and Kristaps Porzingis ( shoulder ) .
Barnes had started the season with 50 total points in his first two games while shooting an effective 21 - of - 35 from the field .
Marcus Morris continued his offensive slump with a seven - point output on 3 - of - 11 shooting , making it his third straight game with single - digit scoring .
Chris Paul matched Griffin 's scoring total and added five assists , three rebounds and one steal .
The Bulls ( 14 - 8 ) extended their winning streak to two games , knocking off the Blazers ( 17 - 6 ) in Chicago on Friday .
Robin Lopez also had one of his best games of the season , as he accumulated 16 points , 11 rebounds , four assists and two blocks .
Usually a young team like this only plays well at home , but there 's something unique about this roster .
Sunday , however , saw the biggest performane of McCollum 's career , as the guard scored 43 points along with five rebounds , three assists , three steals , and a block .
With the 18 rebounds , Westbrook officially raised his season average to a triple - double .
LaMarcus Aldridge had one of his best games as a Spur too , as he scored 28 points and swatted away five shots in the win .
However , Joffrey Lauvergne , who 'd shown flashes of offensive prowess during his limited opportunities in Denver and Oklahoma City , stepped up in his spot start to post 17 points , seven rebounds , three assists and one steal .
The Clippers ( 12 - 5 ) extended their winning streak to five games Monday night , knocking off the Timberwolves 127 - 101 at the Staples_Center .
Ricky Rubio tied a career and franchise - high for total assists as he dished 17 dimes along with 13 points , four steals and three rebounds , in 36 minutes .
Brooklyn kept their playoff hopes alive and are just a half a game back from the Boston Celtics , who currently hold the eighth and final playoff spot in the East .
The Suns ' bench bolstered Bledsoe 's strong play with a number of impressive outings .
DeMarcus Cousins had a quiet night by his standards , supplying 15 points , seven rebounds , three assists , two steals and a block .
Memphis looks like a force to be reckoned with currently , and next they 'll head to Toronto to take on the Raptors on Wednesday night .
Curry 's recent shooting woes apparently transferred over to Paul for the night , as the latter could only manage 13 points on 4 - for - 16 shooting .
Eric Bledsoe was up to the challenge Thursday , just missing out on a triple - double of his own as he lit up the Thunder for 28 points , 13 rebounds , and nine assists .
The Nets ( 7 - 20 ) already faced some tough odds before the opening tip , as they checked in to Tuesday as losers in 11 of 12 road games , while the Raptors ( 20 - 8 ) had tallied 10 of their 19 wins at home .
Dwyane Wade had one of his worst games in years , as he tallied two points , two rebounds and two assists on 1 - for - 9 shooting in the loss .
The Knicks became the first team in the league to match their win total from 2014 - 15 on Tuesday , as defeated the Hawks for their 17th win of the season .
The Mavericks ( 28 - 37 ) needed this game to stay within one game of the eight - seed in the west , but they allowed a 22 - win Phoenix team to play major spoiler .
The Spurs came into this game 80 at home with some dominant results and they left with an even better resume .
Nikola Vucevic had one of his best all - around games of the season , as he collected 22 points , 10 rebounds and six assists in the defeat .
However , the Spurs ( 58 - 17 ) were not finished , as they came back with a 52 - 26 from that point to come away with the impressive comeback win .
Houston ( 51 - 24 ) also came into the game scorching hot , but dropped the game by double figures by the end .
Harden came just short of being named the league MVP last season , so this was not the start he had in mind .
Westbrook , often criticized for his efficiency , shot 13 - of - 22 from the field and 3 - of - 5 from three - point range .
Zaza Pachulia is the undervalued stud on this team , as he recorded 14 points and 21 rebound en route to yet another double - double .
Golden_State , winners of 14 straight , maintained its grasp on the league ’ s best record behind 20 points , seven rebounds and seven assists from Stephen Curry .
The team 's high scorer was third - year Australian point guard Dante Exum , who had 15 points in 28 minutes off the bench .
Reggie Jackson had one of his best games of the season , as he accumulated 13 points , six rebounds and six assists .
However , while Rubio has been putting up big - time assist numbers as of late , he remains a liability scoring - wise .
The two teams hit intermission all knotted up at 58 , Los_Angeles ' best first - half point tally of the current campaign .
They sliced this Portland team into oblivion and showed why they are the most feared team in the NBA .
It took a fourth quarter run to get the job done , but the Wizards extended their impressive start to the 2014 season .
The Blazers shooting guard , who has been averaging over 30 points per game over the last seven contests , added 27 points on 11 - of - 20 shooting .
Despite a second half attempt at a comeback , the Pelicans were able to hold their ground and spoil the return of Kevin Durant , who played in his first game of the season after sitting out with an injury for the beginning of the year .
However , the other two members of the Big Three , along with some help from trusty veteran Channing Frye , helped insure that the Cavs got back on track against the defensively - challenged Suns ( 13 - 29 ) .
Anthony Davis , one of the league 's hottest players lately , had to leave the floor after injuring his foot in the pre - game warm up and did not return .
The reigning Sixth Man of the Year saw 27 minutes of action and scored 14 points on 5 - of - 10 shooting .
The Bucks ( 38 - 36 ) checked into Tuesday 's contest with only a 16 - 19 road record but determined to keep their fifth seeding in the Eastern_Conference away from the Atlanta Hawks and Indiana Pacers , which lingered only a half - game behind coming into the night 's action .
Reggie Jackson tallied his second double - double with the Pistons , finishing with 11 points and 10 assists in 28 minutes .
Jordan came on strong in the fourth quarter to finish with a 13 - point , 19 - rebound double - double , while also adding a block .
They were held to 13 free throw attempts , which is almost as many as James Harden is capable of earning on his own on any average night .
Jeremy Lin added 10 points , six assists and two rebounds , in his third game back in the starting lineup after returning from injury .
The Kings entered the contest winning four of their last six games , but narrowly fell to the Blazers , even with DeMarcus Cousins and Rajon Rondo in the lineup .
Courtney Lee pitched in 15 points of his own , and Zach Randolph enjoyed his best game in the six contests he has come off the bench .
LaMarcus Aldridge added to his fantastic stretch , as he scored a game - high 33 points on 15 - of - 20 shooting , while also snatching down nine rebounds .
What 's really hurting this team is their offense , as they rank dead - last in the NBA in scoring and lowered that average here .
New_Orleans ( 9 - 18 ) has rode Anthony Davis all season long and he put in another spectacular performance here .
He scored 18 points and contributed 10 rebounds and seven assists , giving him his fourth double - double on the year .
Boston continues to compete against the Eastern_Conference , but their identity is still missing a major “ go - to ” component , which was evident in the Celtics double - digit loss to the Magic .
Denver was able to convert on 52 percent of its shots from the field on Sunday .
This marked a huge win for the Thunder , who have pulled even with the New Orleans Pelicans for the eigth and final projected playoff seed in the Western_Conference standings .
Rebounding was the biggest difference in the game , with Miami winning that battle , 45 - 38 .
The second - year pro managed 19 points , six rebounds , three assists , a pair of steals and a block , while visiting the free throw line a season - high 17 times .
The Timberwolves ( 23 - 36 ) had beat two playoff contenders in their last two games , but this was a tough task against a potent Houston offense .
The Clippers had easily their worst offensive output of the season two days after scoring 118 points against the Lakers on Friday .
He was a perfect 7 - for - 7 from beyond the arc on his way to a career - high 57 points .
In Tuesday 's contest , Milwaukee , the worst three - point shooting team in the association , again struggled from deep , hitting just five three - pointers in comparison to their opponent 's eleven .
The Jazz were coming off back - to - back losses heading into Friday 's game , and their star player made sure they came away with a win .
Long-time San_Antonio veteran Manu Ginobili added another 17 in just 17 minutes off the bench .
Portland had lost eight of its last ten games , including an 0 - 3 road trip last week , coming into Tuesday 's contest and was desperate for a win .
The Jazz hold the eighth and final playoff spot , now one game ahead of the ninth - place Rockets .
James Harden added another triple - double to his tally , collecting 40 points , 10 rebounds and 10 assists in the win .
He completed the season second to the Los Angeles Clippers ’ DeAndre Jordan in rebounds per game while leading the league in offensive rebounds per game .
Rookie Elfrid Payton was in double figures for his third straight game , as he finished with 14 points ( 5 - 13 FG , 4 - 6 FT ) , to go along with six assists .
Meanwhile , the loss comes as a bit of a momentum killer for Charlotte , who had won five of their previous six games .
In the end , five Rockets players managed to score in double figures , but it was n't enough to end the Spurs ' seven - game win streak .
Exum struggled to a meager three points , as he shot just 1 - of - 6 from the field and 1 - for - 5 from the three - point line in 26 minutes , so the Jazz will need better guard play if they want to have a better showing in their next game .
Like Bryant , Nick Young did n't have his best game from the floor .
Not only did he set the record for triple - doubles in a season in this win , he hit the game - winner at the buzzer from nearly 40 - feet out .
Hayward tallied 20 points , seven rebounds , five assists and a steal , giving him at least 20 in the scoring column in both of his first two games back on the court .
Chicago had to play this game in the second half of a back - to - back set and it was clear this shorthanded roster couldn ’ t muster up the energy to win .
Brooklyn ( 5 - 15 ) choked away a big lead in this game and that 's indicative of their recent form , as they 've now lost 10 of their last 11 games .
Houston had lost three - straight coming into the game , so this matchup with the Suns was a much needed gift .
The Mavericks ' 64 points was easily the lowest mark in the NBA this season and the 17 turnovers to nine assists was one of the worst marks in NBA history .
Kevin Garnett was also held out to rest his foot injury on the second night of a back - to - back , which sent Mirza Teletovic into the starting lineup .
After Thursday 's 17 - point performance on 6 - of - 9 shooting in the Suns ' blowout victory over the Hornets , Chriss has now scored in double figures in four of his last five games and has scored at least 15 points in three of those games .
Russell Westbrook did everything he could to keep the Thunder ( 8 - 6 ) alive while hosting the Pacers ( 7 - 7 ) .
The Pacers ( 10 ) rolled out a new - look starting five that included offseason acquisitions Jeff Teague and Thaddeus Young , as well second - year man Myles Turner as the new full - time starter at center .
Philadelphia 's ongoing transformation to a winning team has not been as evident all season as it was Friday , when they thoroughly dominated a team that still has postseason aspirations in the Mavericks ( 29 - 39 ) .
Gordon Hayward was back in the fold for the Jazz after being held out of Tuesday 's game with back soreness .
James Johnson , following a DCP-CD the previous night , competed in a team - low four minutes .
A loss would not improve Orlando ’ s draft position , so the Magic had nothing to play for but pride .
James Harden added another triple - double to his tally , as he collected 38 points , 10 rebounds and 11 assists .
Derrick Favors picked up the slack on the offensive end with 29 points on 65 % shooting from the field .
With Kyle Lowry ( wrist ) out of the lineup , DeRozan took 28 shot attempts overall , draining 15 , and also visited the charity stripe a game - high 12 times .
Despite playing only 28 minutes , Rookie of the Year favorite Joel Embiid was the story of the game .
In a battle between two of the stingiest defenses in the league , the Jazz had their best shooting game of the season .
Even though it goes down as a loss in the record book , this is a game the young Celtics can build off of .
The visiting Chicago Bulls earned a narrow 85 - 77 win over the host Utah Jazz on Thursday .
The Jazz shot 47 percent from the field and 43 percent from long range , en route to their 14th victory on the road .
On the injury front , Andre Roberson returned to action after missing two and a half weeks with an ankle injury .
DeRozan finished with a game - high 27 points , on fantastic 12 - 17 shooting .
In a battle between two of the worst defenses in the NBA , the more potent offense was able to prevail with a victory .
Rookie Devin Booker pitched in with a new career - high figure of 21 points , and added three assists , a rebound and four steals .
In a close game between two Eastern_Conference playoff hopefuls , the Heat were able to slip away with the victory despite committing 17 turnovers compared to the Raptors ' 10 .
Channing Frye made his regular season debut with the Magic after having missed the team 's first game while still recovering from the MCL sprain in his knee that was suffered during training camp .
The Indiana Pacers ( 21 - 15 ) picked up an interconference road win Friday night at Smoothie King Center as they downed the New_Orleans Pelicans ( 11 - 24 ) , 91 - 86 .
Westbrook , the league 's leading scorer , had 31 points to go along with 11 boards and nine dimes .
It was his second strong showing in a row , as he 's coming off a 25 - point , six - assist performance Friday .
Dwyane Wade has been surprising spectators with his ability to shoot from long distance this season , but his 1 - of - 9 performance here is one to forget .
However it was n't enough to end his team 's eight game losing streak , that initially started with a 101 - 99 loss in overtime against the Lakers back on Mar .
While the Celtics have success against the Eastern_Conference , they fail to impress against the talent that the Western_Conference throws their way , granted they just got Jae Crowder ( ankle ) back from an eight game absence .
The Nuggets were blown out of the building by the Phoenix Suns in their most recent game , but played angry here .
Julius Randle did record another double - double and he 's proving to be one of the few bright spots on this Lakers team .
They dropped five straight games coming into Friday and barely got past the injury - depleted Thunder .
Most notably , the missing presence of a big man in the starting five is a growing problem , as the Magic outrebounded Boston , 54 - 34 .
In an all - around solid effort from the bottom feeders of the Western_Conference , Ricky Rubio 's performance stood out the most , as he finished with his first triple - double of the season .
He had a brutal showing from the floor on Monday when he went 3 - for - 16 from the field , so it was good to see him turn things around .
Karl-Anthony Towns ' dominant rebounding and a balanced effort keyed Minnesota 's fifth road win .
Lillard went just 5 - for - 19 from the field and scored his lowest point total since February 2 .
The Warriors have abused teams all season and this 46 - point win may be the best performance of the season .
None of the Nets starters committed a turnover , and Joe Johnson made a basket for the 879th straight game , longest active streak in the league .
The Clippers evened their record at 7 - 7 and moved into a second - place tie with the Phoenix Suns in the Western_Conference ’ s Pacific Division .
Reggie Jackson left in the first three minutes due to a leg injury , but returned to drop a team - high 18 points and seven assists in the defeat .
The team likely wo n't sweat the four - point loss , though ; San_Antonio is finishing the season with the number one defense and the number seven offense in the NBA , and holds the second - best record of any team in the association .
He carried the Heat with 40 points on 14 - of - 27 shooting as they were able to hold on for the win .
The Thunder ( 33 - 25 ) have a new - look squad after the All-Star break , but Russell Westbrook continues to stack up the triple - doubles .
Elfrid Payton had his best game of the season as well , accumulating 23 points , seven rebounds and nine assists .
The Heat , on the other hand , will look to build upon the blowout of the Cavs .
The Pacers have been carried by George all season and that was the case again on Wednesday .
The Bulls then came to life and out - scored the Raptors 81 - 65 the rest of the way , snapping the Raptors short , two - game win streak .
In his stead , the recently - returned Griffin led the offense , scoring a team - high 29 points and dishing out five assists .
The Lakers shot a combined 35 percent from the field and 30 percent from three - point , which are numbers that make it tough on any team to have a chance at victory .
McCollum continues to thrive in Terry Stotts ' offense and finished with 19 points , four rebounds and five assists on 8 - for - 13 shooting .
Phoenix ( 15 - 30 ) , meanwhile , sits near the bottom of the league but had won two straight before hosting Minny on Tuesday .
It also did n't hurt to have Isaiah Thomas back and looking like his old self again .
However , the game had larger implications , as the Thunder ( 45 - 33 ) were also trying to stave off the Grizzlies ( 42 - 37 ) for the sixth seed in the Western_Conference .
The Rockets did enjoy a resurgent performance from Terrence Jones , who had himself been shut out over 16 minutes in his return Thursday folowing a five - game absence prompted by a facial laceration .
Howard has dealt with lingering back spasms this season , but did n't show any ill effects Wednesday and added 15 points ( 5 - 7 FG , 5 - 10 FT ) , 10 rebounds and two blocked shots .
The convincing victory not only gave Los_Angeles their third win in four games , but they also added another game to their lead over the Grizzlies ( 36 - 29 ) , who were creeping on them in the Western_Conference standings .
Kemba Walker continued his great play , as he tallied 30 points , five rebounds , six assists and five steals in the win .
Pierce saw just one minute of action after he enjoyed a fourth quarter earlier in the week in which he passed John Havlicek for 15th on the all - time scoring list .
The Utah Jazz ( 23 - 25 ) picked up a Western_Conference home win Wednesday over the Denver Nuggets ( 19 - 31 ) at Vivint_Smart_Home_Arena , 85 - 81 .
Cleveland seized control from the early going Thursday , but its road to victory got significantly easier when Dwayne Wade left the game midway through the second quarter .
Gobert notched his 11th triple - double of the season , which ties him with Andre Drummond for seventh in the NBA .
The Memphis Grizzlies came back to defeat the Orlando Magic , 95 - 94 , at FedEx Forum on Thursday .
He also shot a stellar 62 percent ( 8 for 13 ) from the field for a second straight game .
The triple - double , Westbrook 's 24th of the season , keeps the All-Star on pace to eclipse Wilt Chamberlain 's ridiculous record of 41 triple - doubles in one season .
The Hornets had a chance to steal the victory in the final moments of the game , but Kemba Walker was n't able to convert on the buzzer - beater like he 's done so many times before .
Carmelo Anthony had a poor shooting night for the third straight game , shooting 25 percent from the field .
He matched a season - high of 30 field goal attempts , so it 's not surprising he was able to score so many points .
Meanwhile , Eric Gordon came off the bench Tuesday to not only shoot a season - worst 4 - of - 15 ( 26 percent ) from the field overall , but also managed to hit just 1 - of - 8 shots from behind the arc - - his worst percentage of the season when making at least one 3 - point attempt .
The Jazz ( 3 - 3 ) , meanwhile , saw stagnant offensive play for much of the game .
He was an integral part of a historic shooting performance for the home squad , which tallied a 68 percent success rate from the field , including 50 percent from beyond the arc .
The Kings will look to bounce - back when they take on the Houston Rockets on Saturday in what should be a high - scoring bonanza .
The bright side to Favors ' injury is the playing time that Trey Lyles has been seeing in his absence .
Following his 38 - point , eight - assist , six - rebound performance against Milwaukee on Wednesday night , Harden has posted averages of 30 points , 10 rebounds and 9 rebounds per game through 10 contests so far this month .
Towns was their best player , as he tallied 23 points and nine rebounds in the loss .
In addition , he added nine rebounds and seven assists to one of his best lines of his career Giannis Antetokounmpo was n't far behind , as he accumulated 23 points , five rebounds and eight assists .
Orlando has won back - to - back games , also taking a win over the Utah Jazz 98 - 93 on Friday .
The Warriors rout of the Magic looked similar to the Warriors of 2015 - 2016 where they put on a three - point shooting display and finished their jumpers inside the arc at a remarkable rate .
In addition to Howard 's stellar effort , James Harden led the overall scoring for Houston with 30 points .
Mario Chalmers led the Memphis reserves with 14 points , while JaMychal Green made the most of his return to the bench by amassing 13 points over just 17 minutes .
Memphis ( 20 - 14 ) had to play this game without Mike Conley ( toe ) and they simply could n't overcome his absence .
LaMarcus Aldridge has the standout performance amongst his teammates with 19 points and six rebounds , while Kawhi Leonard has a quiet night with just 14 points , six boards and one assist .
Coming fresh off a loss to the powerhouse Golden State Warriors , the Pacers looked determined to prove themselves in the contest against their fellow Eastern_Conference contender .
The Jazz are the far superior team over the Suns , but it took a monster effort to escape with a win .
When the offense is playing like this with how bad their defense is , it 's nearly impossible for the Pelicans to win .
Curry also finished below his season averages in rebounds and assists , notching just four of each .
It was Parker 's first game in over week after dealing with a hamstring injury , and he came back firing with a huge night on the offensive side of the ball .
Montrezl Harrell got a rare start at center and totaled 13 points , four rebounds and four assists on 6 - of - 7 shooting .
LA was able to shoot 44 percent from the field , far ahead of the dismal 33 percent managed by Utah .
while Davis Bertans led the bench with 13 points , The Spurs will return to action on Monday in a home matchup against the Atlanta Hawks .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 2 - 1 ) were able to pull out a 97 - 94 home victory over the Charlotte Hornets ( 0 - 2 ) on Friday .
The resurgence of Larry Sanders continues as he had a season - high 15 points ( 7 - 10 FG , 1 - 1 FT ) to go with seven rebounds and five blocks .
Sophomore Devin Booker continued his scoring tear as well .
Even with James returning , the Cavaliers were unable to snap their five - game losing streak and are now under.500 for the first time since Nov. 24 when they were 6 - 7 .
However , a pair of strong efforts from Dwyane Wade and Nikola Mirotic helped carry the Bulls to the hosts to their ninth home victory of the season .
The Clippers ( 51 - 31 ) secured home court advantage in their first playoff series with their win on Wednesday .
Miami came into this game as one of the best defenses and rebounding teams in the league and that simply did n't play out here .
After recording only eight points against the Minnesota Timberwolves on Monday , this performance was a nice bounce back game for him .
However , the team also learned earlier in the day that Marcin Gortat had developed an infection in his ailing knee , and would be sidelined for a second consecutive game .
Chris Bosh also put together a nice game , totaling 23 points and eight rebounds in the win .
With three remaining games after Friday versus the three teams ahead and behind them in the conference - - - the Hawks , Heat and Hornets - - Boston knew it needed to keep winning to have a chance to maximize its first round matchup .
Ryan Anderson also had his second straight game getting hot off the bench as he chipped in 17 points , after scoring 32 on Monday .
The Knicks have been a different team this season and dominating wins like this show their improvement .
He has been encouraged to use his face - up game this season , and it 's resulted in Leonard extending his range beyond the three - point line , where he converted three of his five attempts from Sunday , a number which may have been higher had he not collected five fouls to limit his time on the court .
Rookie center Ivica Zubac , meanwhile , contributed his third career double - double and his second in a row .
Giannis Antetokounmpo is quietly vying for MVP status in the east , as he dropped 27 points , six rebounds , five assists , four steals and four blocks in this win .
Rudy Gobert finished with nine points and 14 rebounds , extending his streak of games with double - digit rebounds to 10 .
They responded accordingly with their fourth quarter rally , which could potentially be looked back at as a turning point in their season .
The Sixers ( 10 - 25 ) checked in to Sunday 's game with only three road victories in 14 tries , but a balanced offensive effort and opportunistic defense helped them improve that mark at the expense of the Nets ( 8 - 28 ) .
Montrezl Harrell came off the bench to drop a career - high 29 points on 10 - of - 14 shooting .
Superstar DeMar DeRozan also did his part on Monday , as he shot 7 - for - 20 from the field to score 23 points .
Richardson did play a season - high in minutes though , as he seems to be fully recovered from his knee injury .
The Wolves , who have dropped four straight , placed seven players in double - figures , led by Shabazz Muhammad ’ s 20 points off the bench .
Guard Iman Shumpert made his long - awaited return , coming off the bench for 14 points on 5 - 7 shooting .
They also outshot Dallas and that 's a rare sight to see a team win when getting outrebounded and outshot .
Goran Dragic missed a second straight game with a lower back injury , giving Gerald Green another spot start at shooting guard .
This was a tough loss for the Pelicans , who are in a fierce battle for the eighth and final playoff seed in the Western_Conference standings .
Derrick Rose continued his strong stretch of play to open his tenure in the Big Apple , totaling 18 points , eight assists , four rebounds and a steal .
The Raptors ( 5 - 2 ) did not get off to a hot start in this contest , allowing the Thunder ( 6 - 2 ) to go on a 120 run in the first four and half minutes of the game .
The Nets ( 16 - 59 ) have given virtually any team put in front of them a difficult time , and Thursday 's game proved to be no exception .
The Wolves ' three stars - - Karl-Anthony Towns , Andrew Wiggins and Zach LaVine - - each played over 39 minutes Tuesday against the Bulls , with LaVine playing a game - high 43 minutes .
After out - scoring the Suns 34 - 21 in the third quarter as well , the Mavericks put the game out of reach and pushed on to their first victory of the season .
Jusuf Nurkic was dominant down low , notching 13 points , 18 rebounds , an assist , five blocks and a steal .
By adding 12 rebounds ( along with five assists ) , the veteran tallied his fifth double - double in the last six games .
James shot 17 - of - 24 from the field and 5 - of - 10 from long range on the way to the 73rd 40 - point game of his career .
With Friday 's win , the Trail_Blazers completed the season sweep over the Lakers .
The two guards combined for 54 points on 18 - of - 30 shooting , while Marcin Gortat provided his usual solid double - double performance .
Emmanuel Mudiay , the Nuggets ' seventh overall pick in the 2015 NBA Draft , made his much anticipated regular season debut .
Draymond Green returned to action Saturday after being sidelined earlier in the week with a shin injury .
Friday 's 42 - point outing marked his highest scoring night of the season , though that was a high bar for Lillard to hop ; in six games , he has scored no lower than 27 and has eclipsed 35 points three times .
LaMarcus Aldridge scored a game - high 28 points on 11 - of - 18 from the field .
Low scores have become the tendency for opponents of the Jazz , as center Rudy Gobert has been an absolute force on the defensive end .
Equally impressive was teammate LaMarcus Aldridge , who dropped in 31 points and pulled down 15 rebounds as well .
He put up 12 points and 19 rebounds in 34 minutes Sunday for a double - double , and he has now strung together four consecutive nice performances in a row .
Iman Shumpert also had one of his best games of the season , as he scored 16 points off the bench and played some hounding defense .
Chicago also dominated the rebounding as they snatched down 51 rebounds to the Lakers 41 .
The Rockets ( 46 - 21 ) continue to take their three - point shooting barrage through the NBA and a win over the Cleveland Cavaliers shows just how much they have improved .
The Clippers , on the other hand , moved into the fifth spot in the Western_Conference standings , as they own the tie breaker over the Dallas Mavericks .
This marked a tough loss for the Hornets , as they 're now a full game behind the Miami Heat and Boston Celtics for the final projected playoff seed in the Eastern_Conference standings .
On the other side , the return of Indiana 's star Paul George from an ankle injury did not help their recent offensive woes .
The Minnesota Timberwolves ( 5 - 31 ) dropped their 15th consecutive game Saturday , losing 108 - 93 to the San_Antonio Spurs ( 23 - 15 ) at home .
The game was a showcase for two of the NBA 's hottest talents , Giannis Antetokounmpo and Russell Westbrook , with both players having filled out the stat sheet on a nightly basis to date this season .
The Staples_Center will host another installment of the Clippers against the Lakers on Wednesday , with the latter getting the technical home game .
Robin Lopez continued his recent stretch of solid offensive play , posting 15 points , five rebounds , an assist and a block .
Nikola Jokic recorded his second - straight triple - double , as he accumulated 13 points , 14 rebounds and 10 assists .
Los_Angeles trailed by just a point after the third quarter , but Toronto was able to pull away with five minutes remaining in the game to end a two - game losing streak .
The Mavericks ( 14 - 27 ) held a comfortable seven - point lead heading into halftime before allowing superstar Jimmy Butler and the Bulls to come storming back and make it a competitive ball game .
He also added 11 rebounds , giving him his second double - double in a row .
Reigning MVP Steph Curry took over the game , scoring 51 points on 20 - for - 27 shooting including 10 three - pointers .
The Heat improved to 19 - 13 and have vaulted into second place in the Eastern_Conference 's Southeast Division by virtue of their victory and the Magic 's loss to the Wizards earlier in the evening .
LaMarcus Aldridge decided to postpone surgery on his left thumb , returning to the lineup after missing two games .
Khris Middleton nabbed a steal for the 16th straight game , chipping in five assists and four rebounds in 42 minutes .
The Los_Angeles Clippers ( 13 - 5 ) defended home court on Wednesday , taking down the Orlando Magic ( 7 - 14 ) 114 - 86 at the Staples_Center .
They also demolished the short - handed Suns down low , outscoring them in the paint by a margin of 60 - 32 .
The Utah Jazz ( 28 - 36 ) handled to Houston Rockets ( 43 - 21 ) , 109 - 91 , on Thursday at the EnergySolutions_Arena .
Nick Young totaled 17 points , a rebound and a steal as the only starter to manage double - digit scoring .
Stars Chris Bosh and Dwyane Wade , however , looked as electric as ever , with Bosh recording 23 points , 10 rebounds , and three blocks , and Wade posting 20 points , five rebounds , and five assists .
Chicago has dropped two straight , and they struggled on both sides of the court Friday .
Justise Winslow also missed Tuesday 's game with a wrist injury .
The wing shot 4 - of - 9 from behind the arc and 7 - of - 15 from the field overall to put in 20 points Tuesday - - his highest scoring total since Jan. 15 .
Despite their performances though , they were still able to come out with the win and end their two - game losing streak .
The changes were largely positive , and resulted in a rare victory for the worst team in the league .
Kanter flashed his brilliant offensive play in his matchup , and led all scorers with 33 points , in addition to a whopping 20 rebounds , on 13 - of - 18 shooting .
Oklahoma_City ( 6 - 4 ) has lived off Russell Westbrook 's absurd production and he gave them yet another stellar performance here .
To make matters worse , Frank Kaminsky III , who 'd done an outstanding job in Cody Zeller 's stead while the latter had been out recently for an extended period with a quad injury , had succumbed to an AC joint sprain suffered in a 120 - 103 loss to the Suns on Thursday .
Fellow young star Jabari Parker posted 18 points of his own , while Michael Beasley had one of his best performances of the season off the bench , scoring 17 points .
Harden put up 20 points to go with six rebounds , six assists , and three blocks in 33 minutes , doing himself well in what appears to be a season he 'll be making a bid for both the scoring championship and the MVP Award .
The Celtics have shown us moments of brilliance in the 2014 season , but they 're simply looking to pick up some momentum at this point .
Jusuf Nurkic continued his good form with Portland , as he accrued 19 points , seven rebounds and five assists .
They last met on Jan. 22 , when the Bulls won 104 - 81 at the United_Center in Chicago .
Sacramento was unable to take advantage of Dallas ' depleted lineup and dropped its second game in a row .
It was a statistical down night for superstar James Harden , though matching his typical stat line is quite a high bar .
The Wizards ( 17 - 18 ) came in to the contest with a superb 13 - 6 home mark , while the Timberwolves ( 11 - 25 ) had only mustered five wins in 17 tries on the road .
With Sunday 's win , Denver swept the season series over Orlando .
Rudy Gobert was back in the lineup after missing a few games with an MCL strain but came off the bench for limited minutes , while Alec Burks ( fractured fibula ) and Derrick Favours ( back spasms ) remained sidelined .
And this one was one of the more forgetful outings , as the team shot just 33 percent from the field and 22 percent from behind the arc .
Robin Lopez , Brook 's brother , was held to eight points on 4 - of - 11 shooting , matching Arron Afflalo 's accuracy from the field .
A total of 13 players played in this game for the Spurs and it marked yet another easy win for the most dominant team in basketball right now .
In his third start of the season , Doug McDermott shot 7 - of - 15 from the field and hit from distance three out of six times for 18 points .
The Boston Celtics hung on to defeat the visiting Sacramento Kings 97 - 92 on Friday night at TD_Garden .
He missed three games in a row with an ankle injury , so it was a positive sign for his ankle that he played 34 minutes .
Last Saturday , Boston pulled off a win over the Chicago Bulls without Rajon Rondo in the lineup , but they 've dropped two straight games since his return .
The Bucks started the same five players that they ran out in their season - opening loss to the Hornets .
The Wizards ( 21 - 19 ) have been dominant at home this season , as this marks their 17th win at Verizon_Center .
Houston , which trailed by eight entering the fourth quarter , clawed back behind a monster game from James Harden , who scored 30 points in the second half and overtime period combined .
Hairston added 13 points , and Jeremy Lin matched his scoring total from the bench , while adding six rebounds , four assists , a pair of blocks and a steal against his former teammates .
Russell Westbrook added to his triple - double barrage , collecting 17 points , 18 rebounds and 17 assists in the win .
He shot 3 - for - 7 from the field and 1 - for - 3 from the three - point line in only his second game of the season since returning from injury .
However , the Clippers responded this week with impressive wins over the Mavericks and Rockets to head into the break .
Tim Frazier dished 12 assists , one shy of his career - high , along with seven points , in 26 minutes off the bench .
Jokic recorded his first career triple - double in the win .
The Bulls ( 39 - 40 ) checked into Thursday night sitting in the seventh seed in the Eastern_Conference and armed with the good news that Dwyane Wade ( elbow ) would be returning to the lineup on Saturday night .
The Nets ( 10 - 50 ) ended their 16 - game losing streak in their most recent game , but this was a tough task against a feisty Utah bunch .
It was n't the cleanest game ever played , with the Timberwolves handing out 23 turnovers and the Grizzlies racking up 17 of their own , but it was still a tight matchup that ended with a close finish .
Veterans Luol Deng and Dwyane Wade combined for 40 points , and 11 boards to help give the Heat a victory as they try and fight to secure a playoff spot in the Eastern_Conference .
Now , over the course of Boston 's current three - game win streak , Olynyk has averaged 16 points and 7 rebounds over 26 minutes per game while shooting an impressive 6 - of - 12 ( 50 percent ) from behind the arc and 19 - of - 30 ( 63 percent ) from the field overall .
Rudy Gobert was a presence down low , as he totaled seven points , 11 rebounds and two blocks .
Kent Bazemore led the bench with a 17 - point total on 7 - of - 13 shooting .
The All-Star point guard tallied 16 assists while also recording 13 points on efficient 5 - for - 7 shooting .
The Suns and Trail_Blazers played the first half of a home - and - home against one another on Friday night , and the Suns looked like the much better squad .
Norris Cole led the Heat 's bench with 15 points in 26 minutes .
Minnesota put a basic lid on their six - game losing streak with the win .
The Knicks ( 31 - 51 ) got a surprise entrant into their starting five when Carmelo Anthony , who had missed the previous two games with a sore knee , decided to play in what could be his final game in a New_York uniform .
The Suns will look to bounce back when they host the Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 38 - 14 ) on Monday .
The Magic rotation has been very unpredictable lately with so many starters struggling , so that will likely mean more opportunities for guys like Napier and Nicholson moving forward .
Jimmy Butler bounced back from his benching to lead the team with 28 points , eight rebounds , seven assists and four steals .
However , one plus is the fact that Hassan Whiteside ( eye ) returned for this game , as he totaled 15 points and 13 rebounds in 31 minutes of action .
Brook Lopez had a down game by his standards , posting 13 points , six assists , four rebounds , three blocks and a steal .
Brook Lopez had a down game by his standards , posting 13 points , six assists , four rebounds , three blocks and a steal .
While Thursday 's game snapped their winning streak , the Clippers should hope to bounce back as they take on the 7 - 15 Nets in Brooklyn on Saturday .
The dominance of Indiana and comeback star Paul George has been one of the biggest surprises of the 2015 - 16 season .
Jrue Holiday had another nice game off the bench , totaling 17 points , four rebounds and six assists .
Chandler missed the game following the passing away of his mother earlier in the week .
Rudy Gobert also made his presence felt down low , as not only did he give Cousins ' problems from start to finish , but he also managed to record 17 points and 14 rebounds .
Giannis Antetokounmpo notched his first double - double since January 6th , contributing 10 points , 10 rebounds , one assist , three steals and one block in 33 minutes .
In addition to Lopez ’ s standout performance , frontcourt mate Thaddeus Young continued his recent stretch of significant offensive contributions with a second consecutive double - double .
While it was n't his best game shooting the ball , Jabari Brown still posted 18 points ( 4 - 13 FG , 2 - 6 3Pt , 8 - 9 FT ) and two assists over 42 minutes .
The Pelicans were without Norris Cole for a second straight game due to his back injury , while Zach Randolph ( knee ) , Chris Andersen ( shoulder ) and the recently - waived Mario Chalmers ( Achilles ) were all missing from the Grizzlies starting unit .
The six steals also matched a season - high .
Curry was in his MVP form , as he scored 20 fourth quarter points en route to a 38 point - nine assist line .
After outlasting the Kings in Sacramento 111 - 104 on Opening Night , the Clippers had dropped four straight road games heading into Tuesday .
The absence of star center Marc Gasol has been a difference - maker , and will potentially put the Grizzlie 's fifth spot in the West in jeopardy .
He recorded 11 points and 16 rebounds , giving him his second double - double of the year .
They 'd tallied five victories in 12 games in March but they were chasing a particularly significant win against the Suns ( 22 - 50 ) .
John Wall , as he has been prone to do occasionally this season , struggled with turnovers , committing a season - high eight over 31 minutes .
Utah ( 7 - 4 ) continues to ride their defense to wins , but they may have suffered a bigger loss in this victory .
Tobias Harris continued to come off the bench , but still played 30 minutes , finishing with 11 points and seven rebounds .
LeBron James returned to the lineup after sitting out Thursday 's loss to rest his knee .
The Grizzlies on the other hand are looking like a serious contender right now , and a large part of that is thanks to their consistency across the board .
The Warriors have one of the best defenses in the NBA and the Grizzlies have one of the worst offenses , so this was simply a mismatch of epic proportions .
Joel Embiid made it three - for - three in the double - double department for the first unit , registering 12 points , 11 rebounds , three assists , three blocks and a steal .
John Leuer has been steadily improving for the Pistons and finished with 15 points on 6 - of - 10 shooting , in 28 minutes off the bench .
James Harden and the Rockets ( 7 - 5 ) certainly did not let Wednesday 's loss to the Thunder , or the fact that they were playing on the second night of a back - to - back , shake them off their game .
With the win , Cleveland kept it 's undefeated record at home in tact .
Rudy Gobert added another double - double to his tally , amassing 15 points , 16 rebounds and four blocks .
Michael Beasley turned in 15 , and Thon Maker turned in seven points in his first start for Jabari Parker ( knee ) .
That 's when Russell Westbrook often does his best work , however , and such was the case again Wednesday .
Eric Bledsoe scored a season - high 35 points while knocking down all 11 of his free - throw attempts .
Overall , he finished the night shooting 16 - of - 26 from the field for a game - high 46 points as Golden_State managed to pull away in the closing minutes .
This production comes a game after Paul 's triple - double on Monday against the Jazz .
After recording only three points on Sunday , it was a nice bounce back game for him .
Westbrook picked up his 42nd triple - double of the season , which passed the all - time record set by Oscar Robertson .
Atlanta seemed poised to enter the All-Star break on a two game winning streak , but was unable to close out Boston .
Bojan Bogdanovic pitched in with his second consecutive double - digit scoring game , amassing 10 points , three rebounds , and three assists , along with another pair of his trademark three - pointers .
Rose also managed to stuff the stat sheet in other categories , amassing seven assists and five rebounds while only turning the ball over once in 37 minutes .
Starting shooting guard Devin Booker also tallied 21 points for the second straight contest .
Many Ginobili put in his best performance of the season , coming off the bench to score 14 points and play some crucial defense down the stretch .
Frank Kaminsky scored a season - high 23 points to lead Charlotte .
Meanwhile , Batum bounced back from two modest efforts to post 20 points , four rebounds and a pair of assists .
Meanwhile , Drummond put together one of his trademark double - doubles , slamming home 25 points and grabbing 18 boards .
Julius Randle has been a glimmer of hope in this terrible season for the Lakers .
Rajon Rondo didn ’ t shoot well , but he did accumulate 11 points , 10 rebounds and 11 assists in yet another triple - doubling performance .
However , Denver 's shooting woes were on full display Sunday , particularly among their young players .
What 's most impressive is that they got this win with no Dwyane Wade or Goran Dragic in the lineup .
The Suns also saw perhaps the biggest game of the season for aging veteran Tyson Chandler .
Roy Hibbert posted his fifth double - double , finishing with 15 points and 10 rebounds .
He finished with 40 points - - his second 40 - plus performance in a row - - on 15 - of - 26 shooting from the field .
DeMar DeRozan led all scorers with 28 points in the victory .
It was the fifth time over the last six games that Golden_State eclipsed 30 assists in a game , as they passed their way to 35 total dimes .
Following his great performance in Tuesday 's road victory over the Rockets , the Warriors ' Stephen Curry achieved something he had n't done in over two years .
Denver came into this game as a rare road favorite and couldn ’ t muster up enough for a win .
The Wizards ( 33 - 21 ) knew they 'd have to hit on all cylinders to insure that they could keep pace with Russell Westbrook and company , and they managed to do that and then some Monday .
Paul George struggled for the second straight game , producing 10 points , one rebound and one assist .
Both teams play on Monday , with the Clippers returning home to face the Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 18 - 9 ) , while the Rockets host the Charlotte Hornets ( 15 - 11 ) .
Denver didn ’ t make it easy on Sunday , but they ended up winning their third game in their last four in a current eight - game homestand .
After going scoreless in 27 minutes against the Orlando Magic on Sunday , it was a nice bounce - back outing for Lawson , who 's now averaging 16 points and 10 assists on the year .
The Grizzlies recently signed Jordan Farmar to a 10 day contract , and the signing looked to be a positive one after Farmar saw 22 minutes off the bench and added 12 points on 4 - of - 8 shooting , including two clutch free throws down the stretch .
The Mavericks ( 31 - 40 ) are trying to keep their playoffs hope alive and this win can only help that pursuit .
Minnesota will look to build off this win as they take on the defending champion San_Antonio Spurs on Friday .
The Sixers ' first game after the All-Star break featured Dario Saric 's debut as the permanent starting power forward , and the 2014 first - round pick did not disappoint .
Eric Gordon matched Harden 's 13 , but shot an even worse 5 - of - 20 from the field .
Bojan Bogdanovic was solid off the bench for the second straight game , scoring 14 points in 25 minutes , and he has now scored 33 total points in his last two contests .
The 20 - year NBA veteran was far from his vintage form , but added an important 3 - pointer , and free throws down the stretch to help the Lakers close out the game .
Despite impressive efforts from the backcourt of Derrick Rose ( 19 points , seven rebounds , five assists ) and Jimmy Butler ( 25 points , eight rebounds , two steals ) , the Bulls simply could n't get it done .
Allen Crabbe was huge off the bench , scoring 17 points and grabbing five boards .
The Mavericks shot 48 percent from the field as a team on their way to their third straight game .
In the two games in between , Leonard shot a combined 9 - of - 27 ( 30 percent ) from the field , which was easily his worst two - game shooting stretch of the season .
Paul Pierce made his final appearance in Boston , as he hit his lone three - pointer in the final seconds to please the Boston faithful .
New_York ( 11 - 9 ) have been playing their best ball of the season recently and this win only adds to that success .
Donatas Motiejunas followed up a career - high 26 - point game with 21 points on 10 - of - 13 shooting in 29 minutes .
Embiid had a quiet night by his standards , registering nine points , six rebounds , five assists , two blocks and a steal .
Kevin Garnett returned to the lineup after missing that last game in favor of rest .
Injuries can be blamed for the depth of the Timberwolves ' struggles this season , but they were never considered a team with much of a shot at a playoff spot in the stacked Western_Conference .
Cousins also reached the free - throw line 14 times , growing his average of 11 attempts per game .
However , the 2014 first - round pick has been heating up from the field in recent games , and his increasingly proficient shooting culminated in his first double - double of the 2015 - 16 campaign .
Carmelo Anthony continues to play through his lingering knee soreness , scoring a game - high 26 points Tuesday .
Meanwhile , the Bucks will have a chance to double their win total from last season before the All-Star break when they host the Sacramento Kings on Wednesday .
As has been the case for a good portion of the season , Bryant 's poor accuracy necessitated a voluminous amount of shot attempts , 25 in this particular contest , to allow him to hit his scoring total .
Houston started off the season with three - straight 20 - point losses , but they appear to be out of that swoon at this point with four - straight wins .
The team simply fell apart late in the game , as their youthful lack of NBA experience began to show against one of the league 's top teams .
While these teams have just seven wins a piece , they both left it all on the floor in this close - fought battle .
Superstar forward Paul George elevated his play for one of his biggest performances of the season , dropping in a massively efficient 29 points on the first - seeded Cavaliers .
The Grizzlies ( 5 - 5 ) used a late fourth - quarter surge to secure their first road victory on Monday , after dropping their first three away from home to start the season .
His point guard Reggie Jackson had a nice game , and like Monroe , is a free agent to be this offseason .
Pau Gasol returned to action , playing through the illness that held him out of Friday 's game , but he had trouble against the Clippers ' defense , shooting 2 - for - 13 from the field in 33 minutes to finish with just four points .
This was the rare wire - to - wire win , with the Bulls leading by as much as 28 points at times in their victory .
They went on to out - score the Mavericks 34 - 27 in the fourth quarter , allowing them to end the Mavericks six - game winning streak and push their own to seven in a row .
The Knicks were also without Amar ’ e Stoudemire , who was rested on the first day of a back - to - back set .
Both teams play on Saturday , as the Blazers host the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 26 - 52 ) , while the Thunder head south to take on the Sacramento Kings ( 31 - 47 ) .
The Mavericks , meanwhile , struggled yet again on the offensive end .
While many will talk about the controversial mouthpiece call , Cousins had one of the best nights of his career en route to the Sacramento victory .
Following his 32 - point , 11 - rebound , six - assist performance against Houston , Antetokounmpo now has three double - doubles , two games of 30 - plus points and five games with at least 25 points so far in the month of January .
The Bucks were playing the second half of a back - to - back and that was clearly evident with their third quarter .
DeMarcus Cousins posted a near triple - double with a game - high 28 points , 11 rebounds , nine assists , three steals and a block .
For the Thunder , All-Star guard Russell Westbrook posted a line of 28 points , 17 rebounds , and 12 assists for his fifth consecutive triple - double .
They will need to take care of business on Monday , when they play host to the Cavaliers , in order to keep the dream alive .
The Hornets ( 6 - 15 ) used a third quarter run to send the Celtics ( 7 - 13 ) to their second consecutive loss .
Jeremy Lin and Brook Lopez were expected to be the Nets ' offense this season , but the latter looked out of sorts in the opener , tallying only seven points .
Manu Ginobili left the game with what appeared to be a right ankle injury in the third quarter , but still finished with 11 points ( 4 - 5 FG , 3 - 4 FT ) and three rebounds over 18 minutes .
His performance Tuesday night was yet another example , as Waiters shot just 5 - of - 18 from the field ( 28 percent ) .
The Trailblazers fell to 4 - 9 with the loss and will look to bounce back Friday when they welcome the Clippers to town .
In a tight game on Tuesday , the Utah Jazz emerged victorious thanks to efficient 50 percent shooting from the field .
The Rockets pulled off quite the feat here , as they beat one of the powerhouses in the NBA .
Giannis Antetokounmpo continued his recent slump , managing a modest 10 points , six assists , three rebounds and a block .
With commissioner Joel Silver in attendance , and Anthony Davis and Kevin Durant sidelined , Russell Westbrook put on a show with a 43 - point performance .
Harden followed a career - best performance against New York on New Year 's Eve with his third straight triple - double on Monday against the Wizards .
Minnesota was once again without several of its regular starters Monday and was outmatched .
Dante Exum is another name to watch , as he 's getting some minutes off the bench , and the rookie turned 24 minutes into 10 points ( 4 - 5 FG , 2 - 3 3Pt ) , three assists and two rebounds .
The 76ers are now mathematically eliminated from playoff contention with the loss .
The Wizards were unsuccessful in their bid to garner a playoff spot , but entered Sunday trying to finish the season off on a positive note .
Amar ' e Stoudemire ( knee ) , Samuel Dalembert ( ankle ) and J.R. Smith missed the game with their assorted injuries , but despite all of the negative injuries the Knicks are dealing with , Cole Aldrich has used the opportunity to shine .
They also snapped the Warriors ' 11 - game winning streak .
Hassan Whiteside was the player of the game , as he totaled 23 points and 16 rebounds on 10 - of - 12 shooting .
The Grizzlies are 5 - 3 since returning from the All-Star break , doing enough to stay nestled between the Western_Conference-leading Golden State Warriors and the third - place Portland Trial Blazers for second place in West playoff standings .
Aaron Gordon returned to action after missing Wednesday 's contest against the Spurs while dealing with some soreness in his left foot , which he broke in November .
Both teams checked into Thursday 's game having long been eliminated from playoff contention despite having the ability to put together some high scoring tallies on occasion .
Toronto notched its second overtime victory in as many nights Saturday , narrowly avoiding an embarrassing meltdown to maintain its hold on the second seed in the East .
Jahlil Okafor also had one of his most efficient games of the season , matching a season - high of 15 points on 7 - of - 11 shooting .
Aaron Gordon was the teams best player , as he collected 18 points , six rebounds and seven assists .
After a 132 - 120 overtime defeat on Sunday in Dallas , the Trail_Blazers came in to Wednesday looking to turn the tables .
The Wizards appeared a bit sluggish on offense , with their final scoring tally representing their lowest since Feb. 26 .
LeBron James had been fairly quiet in recent games by his standards , but stepped up his role in the offense without Love in the lineup .
He got off a season - high in number of three - pointers , and cashed in on the extra attempts .
Larry Sanders returned to the starting lineup after sitting out Thursday 's game on a league mandated one - game suspension .
Luis Scola returned to the rotation after being rested Friday and contributed 13 points and five rebounds off the bench .
All-Star DeMar DeRozan paced the Raptors with 26 points and eight rebounds in just 30 minutes .
In Derrick Rose 's first regular season game back from his ACL surgery that cost him all but 10 games last season , the Bulls were able to help Rose secure a victory .
Detroit entered Monday 's contest as winners of four of its last five , but fell short against arguably the best team in the league right now .
After the Hawks ( 37 - 34 ) had control of the game in the first half and entered the locker room with a six - point lead , the Wizards ( 43 - 28 ) came storming back and the two teams entered the final period all tied up .
In a game featuring two of the more permeable frontcourts in the league , Denver outrebounded Philadelphia 47 to 40 and outscored them in the paint , 44 to 34 .
Guard Seth Curry earned the start and scored 23 points , a team high .
Serge Ibaka and Steven Adams each added 10 points for the Thunder , who now trail the Pelicans by two games in the Western_Conference standings .
In fact , the victory put them in a three - way tie for the division lead , with less than 10 games left .
New_Orleans then continued the comeback with a 15 - 4 run in the last four minutes , capped off with a three by Dante Cunningham and clutch foul - line jumper from Jrue Holiday .
Hassan Whiteside recorded another monster double - double , as he totaled 23 points and 16 rebounds on 10 - of - 12 shooting .
The Bucks , meanwhile , saw struggles from their own star .
After tallying another loss on Saturday , the hustle - driven 76ers will work hard to win in their upcoming matchups .
Eric Bledsoe did all he could to keep the Suns hanging around , as he accumulated 27 points , five rebounds and six assists in the defeat .
Joakim Noah was just two points shy of a triple - double , recording eight points on 4 - of - 7 shooting , 14 assists and 10 rebounds in 32 minutes .
Kevin Love posted 10 points and nine rebounds over 20 minutes in his return from a 13 - game absence due to a knee injury .
With so many injuries , Shabazz Muhammad continued to be a solid presence of the bench , as he went 4 - for - 8 from the field and a perfect 6 - for - 6 from the free throw line to score 14 points .
The Magic ( 16 - 20 ) have been playing much better on the offensive end recently and this performance only adds to those numbers .
With Sunday 's dominating win , San_Antonio is now 240 at home , and have a franchise - record 11 victories by a margin of 25 points or greater .
The Rockets haven ’ t had a great season by their standards , but this was a great performance in a showcase game .
DeMar DeRozan tallied a double - double as well , with 15 points and 11 assists , along with six rebounds .
The Celtics ( 10 - 8 ) were able to hold on to defeat the Heat ( 10 - 6 ) 105 - 95 at American_Airlines_Arena on Monday .
McCollum , who drained 11 of 19 shots on his way to a game - high 27 points .
He recorded his third triple - double over his last four games , finishing with 12 points ( 6 - 9 FG ) , 12 rebounds and 10 assists .
Meanwhile , the Mavs ( 31 - 41 ) were in urgent need of a win to keep their fading playoff hopes alive , but it was ultimately the road team that prevailed in what was a tough defensive matchup .
Dallas ( 0 - 5 ) , meanwhile , saw yet another loss come in Friday 's matchup .
Injuries have plagued Chicago , and it has been Mirotic 's play that has allowed the Bulls to continue winning regardless .
The Spurs will look to play better on Saturday in a road matchup against the Memphis Grizzlies .
Jodie Meeks hit at least one three - pointer for the eighth straight game , scoring 14 points in 25 minutes .
The Clippers avoided the series sweep on Friday , going 1 - 3 against the Wizards this season .
Rondo came into the game leading the league with 11 assists per game .
Los_Angeles will look to play better on Tuesday against the Brooklyn Nets , Indiana ( 9 - 9 ) had to play this game without Paul George ( ankle ) , but they did n't miss a beat .
Hassan Whiteside carried the load for the Heat , contributing 27 points , 15 rebounds and four blocks in the loss .
Brooklyn shot 5 - of - 18 from behind the arc , granted it is not their strong suit , multiple missed open opportunities proved to be vital down the stretch .
Kings big man DeMarcus Cousins posted an impressive stat line en route to Sacramento 's blowout of the Mavericks on Wednesday .
Fortunately for the Grizz , Randall missed all three free throws , and they were able to walk away with their seventh home win of the season .
McCollum had a down game by his standards , posting a modest 16 points on 5 - of - 18 shooting .
The Grizzlies ( 43 - 37 ) came into Friday 's game knowing they were facing a short - handed and likely unmotivated Knicks ( 30 - 50 ) squad , but needing to focus on getting their own house in order prior to the playoffs .
Carlos Boozer continues to struggle , and if Ed Davis continues to play well off the bench , a timeshare could develop .
HIs knee is seemingly doing much better as he ended up playing 26 minutes and putting up 18 points ( 9 - 16 FG ) , five boards , two assists , one block , and one turnover .
With just four games left in the season following this one , this was another huge win for the Heat , who have now moved just a half game back from the Boston Celtics for the eighth and final projected playoff seed in the Eastern_Conference standings .
Joe Johnson sat out the last two games with an illness but returned to the lineup Friday and put up 12 points in 27 minutes .
With Pau Gasol ( knee ) sitting out the contest , Cristiano Felicio stepped into the starting five for the first time .
The Sixers ( 27 - 45 ) have really struggled recently , but they 're still playing as hard as anyone .
Now , in his last two games , Saric has recorded a total of 44 points in 49 minutes while shooting a wildly impressive 16 - of - 26 ( 62 percent ) from the field and 7 - of - 10 from behind the arc .
On the other wing , Dwyane Wade continues to struggle since his 22 - point performance in the season opener .
Gobert , one of the front - runners for the Defensive Player of the Year award , also blocked four shots and pulled down 13 rebounds .
The host Golden_State Warriors took down the visiting Toronto Raptors , 121 - 111 , on Wednesday .
James did n't have the type of night that we 're used to seeing , as he scored just 15 points ( 6 - 17 FG , 2 - 3 3Pt , 1 - 1 FT ) .
Both Derrick Rose and Jimmy Butler rode the momentum from their season opening victory over the Cleveland Cavaliers .
Luol Deng 's 22 points for the Heat led all scorers , as he shot 7 - 13 from the floor and knocked down a pair of three - pointers .
However , after four straight games where he shot over 50 percent from the field , he posted another clunker of a game on Wednesday night , shooting just 5 - of - 14 from the field en route to an underwhelming 15 points .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 25 - 9 ) extended their win streak to six games after defeating the struggling Minnesota Timberwolves ( 12 - 25 ) 125 - 99 .
The Mavs took advantage of a Chicago team that left it all on the court Friday night in their win over Cleveland , while the Bulls lack of depth was exposed as they looked depleted on the second night of a back - to - back .
Luckily for Dallas , they play again on Saturday against the Memphis Grizzlies and can forget about this game as soon as possible .
Second-year player Jerian Grant got the start and played 20 minutes against Orlando but managed to record just seven points on 1 - of - 4 shooting and zero assists .
After ending the third quarter down 69 - 63 , the Lakers went on a 25 - 18 run in the fourth quarter to complete a comeback victory in front of their home crowd .
Chandler Parsons managed seven points over 16 minutes in his ongoing return to health .
Rookie of the Year contender Nerlens Noel missed the game with a sprained right ankle .
Memphis ( 22 - 15 ) found itself in somewhat of the opposite position of Los_Angeles after Tuesday 's game .
Love grabbed 13 rebounds to go along with his 17 points to record the only double - double of the game .
Mo Williams continued to play well for the Hornets and finished with 18 points ( 8 - 15 FG , 2 - 5 3Pt ) , four rebounds and eight assists .
The Mavericks lost to the Nuggets on Wednesday , but Nowitzki did n't play , getting rest alongside Tyson Chandler .
However , the Trail_Blazers are battling with the Clippers for a top - four seed in the Western_Conference , so they deployed their regular starting lineup against a Pelicans team that is fighting for the eighth seed .
Eric Bledsoe was the player of the game , as he accumulated 31 points , six rebounds and eight assists in the victory .
With Dwight Howard sitting out to rest on the second night of a back - to - back , Joey Dorsey was deployed into the starting lineup .
Milwaukee came into this game as the worst rebounding team in the NBA and actually outrebounded the Thunder , who rank second in the NBA in rebounding .
While both numbers are impressive for the two - time Defensive Player of the Year , it seems that where Leonard is exerting the most statistical dominance is the free - throw line .
LaMarcus Aldridge finished second on the team with 21 points , 15 rebounds and three blocks .
The Jazz ( 37 - 22 ) have quietly been climbing up the standings and road wins like this should surely be opening other teams eyes .
Center Marc Gasol scored 26 points and showed his newfound range with four three - point shots .
Darren Collison was quiet by his standards , offering a modest 10 points , along with five assists , two rebounds and one steal .
Kemba Walker rebounded from a five - point outing against the Grizzlies on Saturday to score 16 points , to go along with three rebounds and an assists .
For the Thunder , guard Russell Westbrook continued his historic triple - double tear .
The double - double was his sixth of the season , pushing his season averages to 18 points , 9 rebounds and 4 assists per game .
Miami has out - rebounded 43 - 37 and surrendered 42 points in the paint .
Portland has won four straight games , and they earned their latest win with LaMarcus Aldridge ( illness ) and Nicolas Batum ( knee ) out of the lineup .
Arron Afflalo led the home team 's charge with 25 points , seven rebounds and a steal .
The records of these two teams entering this contest belies how entertaining it was .
The Dallas Mavericks ( 7 - 3 ) took down the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 2 - 7 ) in impressive fashion 131 - 117 on Saturday at the American_Airlines_Center in Dallas .
Evan Fournier and Nikola Vucevic combined for 57 points as they led the Magic in a valiant effort to avoid a third season - sweep by the Heat in the last four seasons .
These are two teams who will battle to sneak into the playoffs , but the Magic looked like the far superior team in this game .
Recent results would indicate an easy Raptors win , but that simply was n't the case .
For Charlotte , a promising week ended on a high note , as the team won its third of four games since Monday and now sits just two games shy of .500 .
The Spurs passed the 1995 - 96 Chicago Bulls , who won 37 consecutive at home .
He 's put together two impressive games in a row , as he just went off for 29 points and five assists against the Sixers on Sunday .
On the day the Heat learned Chris Bosh ’ s season would end due to blood clots in his lungs , Goran Dragic underwhelmed in his debut .
Andre Iguodala continues to be solid off the bench , finishing with 10 points , three rebounds , three assists and one steal , in 25 minutes .
His shot has been absolutely locked in of late , combining to go 18 - for - 26 from the field and 8 - for - 11 from the three - point line to score 53 points over his last two games .
After scoring 31 points on Friday , he was n't able to have a repeat performance and scored well under his season average of 19 points per game .
The win puts Cleveland comfortably in second place in the Eastern_Conference playoff race , as they hold a 3 - game lead over the Raptors , but they are still 10 games behind Atlanta for first place .
He finished with 22 points and 11 rebounds , marking his seventh double - double of the year .
Mario missed the free throw on purpose , in order to allow the clock to expire , improving the Grizzlies home record to 14 - 7 .
This was a tough loss , but it 's a good sign to see them compete so hard with the Eastern_Conference elite .
The Pelicans fell to 3 - 10 on the road and will look to bounce back as they visit San_Antonio on Sunday .
The Sixers ( 1 - 7 ) had taken the Pacers ( 4 - 5 ) to the limit just two nights prior before succumbing in overtime , 122 - 115 .
The Clippers , on the other hand , will look to turn things around at home against Detroit on Saturday , in what will be no easy task as Detroit has been looking very good so far .
This was another big win for the Pelicans , who have now pulled themselves even with the Oklahoma City Thunder for the final projected playoff seed in the Western_Conference standings .
The bench was eventful , seeing as Rick Carlisle used eight players sporadically through the game , and once the blowout was on , he turned to Justin Anderson , Salah Mejri and Dwight Powell , who all have seen very little playing time this season .
Mike Conley returned to action for the Grizzlies after missing two games with an ankle injury .
Kevin Martin returned to the active roster after having missed the team 's season opener Wednesday with a sprained ankle he had suffered in Tuesday 's practice .
The Thunder need a win and a Pelicans loss .
The Hawks hit 10 threes of their own , but were manhandled on the boards , as the Thunder won the rebounding battle 52 - 34 .
The comeback victory was much needed for Houston , who took the court the same day they fired head coach Kevin McHale .
Philadelphia came into Tuesday 's contest committing a league - worst 17 turnovers per game , and further cemented that reputation by tallying a whopping 28 of them against the Grizzlies , which lead to 36 points on the opposite end of the floor .
They were manhandled by a better Atlanta team and just played horribly on Monday after their London trip .
The Spurs still hold the tiebreaker over the Rockets though , so in order to get the second seed going into the playoffs , the Rockets will need both a win of their own and a Spurs loss in the final games on Wednesday .
It 's telling when Gobert 's 67 percent shooting performance from the field against the Kings was his second - worst mark of November , as the big man is shooting 81 percent from the field overall in the month of December and a remarkable 70 percent overall this season .
He added 12 rebounds , notching his second double - double in the last three games .
Jonas Valanciunas recorded another double - double , amassing 14 points , 15 rebounds and three blocks on 5 - of - 6 shooting .
It was a disappointing night for fans of offense on Monday , as the Clippers and Jazz squared off in one of the lowest - scoring games of the season .
Allen Crabbe might not be a new addition to the Blazers , but he did get a shiny new contract in the offseason and added 10 points , four assists and a rebound in 32 minutes of action .
Paul Pierce , who rested the previous game , was joined on the sideline by Nene Hilario .
Walker was named Eastern_Conference Player of the Week after stepping up for multiple scoring outbursts while Nicolas Batum ( toe ) , Jeremy Lamb ( toe ) and Cody Zeller ( shoulder ) were all sidelined with injuries , but struggled to find a rhythm .
Los_Angeles exploded for 73 points in the second and third quarters to win its second game against Sacramento this season .
In an overall poor team - effort offensively Sunday , Ty Lawson had arguably the worst night of all , going only 1 - for - 10 from the field and 0 - for - 5 from the three - point line .
Shabazz Muhammad matched Dieng 's scoring total and added two rebounds off the bench .
Portland came into this game with a 6 - 15 record on the road , so a win like this can be a big momentum booster going forward in a tough environment like Denver .
Jerryd Bayless ironically could not muster the same type of production in a start as compared to when he comes off the bench , totaling nine points , five assists and three rebounds .
Charlotte was hot coming in , winning eight of their last nine games , but could n't contend with the Cavs ' great all - around performance .
Another new acquisition , rookie Tyler Ennis , played 18 minutes and four points on 1 - of - 4 shooting .
Dwyane Wade also scored 26 points , doing that on 11 - of - 18 shooting .
Miami entered Tuesday 's contest without Luol Deng and Chris Andersen , but things got worse when Dwayne Wade exited the game with a hamstring injury .
Injuries have really been hurting this team , but the more healthy they get , the scary they 're getting .
DeMar DeRozan was the only starter with more than 10 points , as he dropped 26 points on 12 - of - 21 from the field .
Golden_State will look to keep this going against the Sacramento Kings on Saturday , who are one of the worst defenses in the NBA .
The Jazz have now lost five in a row as they fell to the re - tooled Grizzlies on Friday night .
Zach LaVine was Minnesota 's high scorer as he came off the bench to pour in 17 on a 7 - 13 shooting night .
This game was meaningless in terms of playoffs , but it secured the season series win for the Nuggets .
J.J. Barea ( ankle ) returned to the court after a four - game absence and scored six points ( 2 - 5 FG , 0 - 2 3Pt ) in 11 minutes .
The Spurs didn ’ t play their prettiest game , but they escaped with a win .
Jordan Hill returned to action for this game and had a huge outing off the bench with 22 points and 26 rebounds .
They ultimately outscored their hosts by a 32 - 17 spread in the final 12 minutes , capping off a momentous comeback with a 15 - foot bucket from Giannis Antetokounmpo as time expired to seal the somewhat improbable road win .
With a team - leading 29 points , James surapssed Oscar Robertson for 11th on the all - time scoring list .
The Rockets entered looking to improved on their three - game lead over Utah for eighth in the West and did just that as they edged the Boston Celtics down the stretch .
DeMar DeRozan carried the load , as he dropped 31 points , five rebounds and four assists in just three quarters of action .
All the statistics were very similar and this was as much of a nip - and - tuck game as you 'll see in the NBA .
The Celtics ( 21 - 14 ) came in to the game refreshed , having last played when the calendar still read 2016 .
New_Orleans ( 19 - 29 ) has had a bumpy season thus far , trading off wins and losses fairly consistently after a rough 1 - 9 start .
The key for Chicago was the rebounding , as they snatched down 56 rebounds , while holding Los_Angeles to just 37 on their end .
The Oklahoma_City Thunder come back in overtime thanks to Westbrook 's 51 - point triple - double to beat the Phoenix Suns , 113 - 110 , at Chesapeake_Energy_Arena on Friday .
Green finished with 17 points ( 4 - 9 FG , 3 - 7 3Pt , 6 - 6 FT ) and five rebounds , marking his first time in double figures over his last four games .
The Milwaukee Bucks continued to be one of the NBA 's hottest teams with a win on Tuesday .
On Thursday , All-Star forward LaMarcus Aldridge found his groove and helped lead the Spurs offense past the tough grit - and - grind Grizzlies .
The win keeps the Pistons within striking distance of the No . 8 seed in the Eastern_Conference standings , The Pelicans ( 19 - 31 ) , on the other hand , did not benefit from a cast of contributors like their counterparts managed to .
It 's been a painful start to the 2014 season for Carmelo Anthony and company , and this loss had to be tough to swallow .
DeMarcus Cousins ( ankle ) returned to the lineup after missing just one game with a sprained ankle .
The Nets will look to keep up this good form against the Los_Angeles Clippers on Monday .
The Orlando center made a season - high 22 shot attempts , draining 12 of them for a solid 55 percentage from the field .
He finagled four points in nine minutes to close out his best season as a pro .
He 's had two solid games in a row , combining for 45 points and 14 rebounds over that span .
Aside from that absence , however , Cousins has been on a tear since returning from an injured achilles , posting five double - doubles and logging two 35+ point games .
The Nets ( 20 - 62 ) played this game without most of their starters and that was evident by this final scoreline .
The game marked Davis 's third 45 - point outing in just 16 this season , a league - high .
With just under 40 seconds to go in the second overtime , Monta Ellis was able to hit a clutch three - pointer for the Mavericks , giving them their fourth straight victory .
Sophomore Michael Kidd-Gilchrist , on the other hand , stepped up his offensive game after missing the bulk of the 2015 - 16 season .
Milwaukee , looking for its first winning streak since the 2012 - 13 season , led by four at halftime but came out flat in the third quarter , allowing Chicago to regain the lead entering the final period .
Serge Ibaka had one of his best games in a Raptors uniform , collecting 24 points , six rebounds and six blocks on 11 - of - 17 shooting .
The Magic won the first two games of their season series with the Hornets , but Charlotte tied everything up with Sunday 's win to close up the season series in a 2 - 2 tie .
Jeff Teague had his best game in a Pacer uniform , as he led the team with 30 points and nine assists .
He finished the game with just 40 points , but that was still a career - best with Cleveland .
Russell Westbrook recorded his 10th triple - double of the year .
As for the Timberwolves ( 17 - 29 ) , the biggest issues they 've faced all season - - poor defense and lack of depth - - surfaced in Thursday 's contest .
Head coach Scott Brooks has said that he needs Beal on the floor to give the Wizards a chance of winning the game , but with Beal failing to put together anything close complete NBA season in his career , the wear and tear on an already fragile body could be dangerous for a struggling Washington team .
After winning each of their last four games , the Nuggets could n't hold onto it any longer , as the Grizzlies were just too much for them .
Veteran forward Andre Iguodala had an excellent game as well , scoring 20 points to go along with seven rebounds and four assists .
Memphis ( 25 - 18 ) entered Sunday having won three of its last four games but stumbled down the stretch against the talented Bulls .
San_Antonio fans had n't gotten to watch their team play a home game since Feb. 6 against Miami , but Wednesday 's performance was worth the wait .
The Hornets resume post - All - Star - break play when they visit the Detroit Pistons on Thursday , February 23rd , while the Raptors kick off the second half by doing battle with the Boston Celtics at home on Friday evening , February 24th .
With the win , Houston completed its first sweep of the Mavericks in a season series in 19 years .
Towns posted a game - high 18 rebounds to go along with 17 points , five assists and a block .
On Tuesday , Cousins absolutely dominated the Lakers ' frontcourt , scoring 40 points to go along with 12 rebounds and eight assists .
Zach LaVine continued to play well in his starting opportunities , amassing 19 points , four rebounds , two assists and two steals .
New_York ( 16 - 14 ) , meanwhile , made a valiant comeback in the last three minutes of the game .
Jerryd Bayless totaled 11 points , four rebounds and two assists in his first start of the season .
Ryan Anderson had one of his best games in a Houston uniform , recording a season - high 23 points and seven boards on 9 - of - 15 shooting .
Gary Harris continued his stretch of strong play with 19 points .
Rose outplayed Russell Westbrook in what was the Bulls ’ point guard ’ s best game of the young season by far .
Chandler Parsons and Dirk Nowitzki were the only two to reach double - digits in points in this blowout over the Timberwolves , who own the Western_Conference 's worst record .
The Oklahoma_City Thunder defeated the host Miami Heat , 106 - 94 , at America Airlines Arena on Tuesday .
DeRozan finished with a game - high 25 points with six assists and five rebounds .
The Grizzlies are one of the best home teams in the NBA , but the Rockets really gave it to them in the `` Grind House `` .
Mario Chalmers tallied 11 points , five rebounds and five assists before leaving with what looked like a leg injury after 21 minutes of play .
In securing the victory , the Trail_Blazers moved to just two games back from the Memphis Grizzlies and Houston Rockets , who are tied for the second overall spot in the Western_Conference standings .
They 'll look to build off this loss when they host the Dallas Mavericks on Monday .
Arron Afflalo led the starters with 17 points but had a brutal 6 - 21 shooting night .
The Bulls were a heavy favorite headed into this game and it was easy to see why .
With DeMarcus Cousins still sitting out with an illness , Rudy Gay continued to take the lead for the Kings .
LeBron James was able to get his groove back in the Cavs ' second game of the season Friday after putting up a subpar performance in his homecoming game Thursday .
It was n't the best start for the winning team Wednesday night .
With Wednesday 's win , the Magic secured a 3 - 1 season victory in the series .
It was his second double - double in a row , after posting 24 points and 10 rebounds against the Raptors Sunday .
Guard Monta Ellis , coming off a cold streak coupled with a back injury , took over the game , pouring in 24 points and dishing out six assists while racking up a whopping six steals .
The 30 - point loss won ’ t help Jordan ’ s claim to Defensive Player of the Year .
Ingles had n't scored in double figures all season until Monday , and with Derrick Favors potentially out , the team could look to Ingles to provide some added scoring on a more consistent basis when they 're a man down .
The Jazz ( 38 - 24 ) came into this fixture in the midst of a two - game losing streak , so a matchup against the Nets is just what the doctor ordered .
Goran Dragic ( ankle ) started the game after successfully going through practice and shootaround , while sophomore Justice Winslow ( wrist ) was ruled out .
Mayo ( hamstring ) didn ’ t play the first night of a back - to - back , and Miles Plumlee received a DNP-CD as coach Jason Kidd preferred his eight - man rotation .
DeMar DeRozan did all he could to keep the Raptors hanging around , as he tallied 34 points , five rebounds and four assists in the defeat .
The Timberwolves dropped to 4 - 4 on the season and are in a three - way tie with the Utah Jazz and Denver Nuggets for second place behind the Oklahoma City Thunder in the Western_Conference 's Northwest Division .
Miami ( 10 - 24 ) have made a habit of losing close games throughout the season , as this marks their 22nd loss by 12 points or less .
After Rondo 's exit , the Mavericks outscored 46 - 30 to close out the Raptors and notch their 39th win of the season .
Center Rudy Gobert , who many consider a favorite for the Defensive Player of the Year Award , also played a crucial role in the win .
Derrick Rose returned to action Monday against the Raptors , and in his two games back , he 's put up 29 points and 25 points .
Russell Westbrook 's triple - double streak ended at four games , and it was fitting that it came to an end in Chicago , where Michael Jordan strung together seven consecutive triple - doubles back in 1989 .
With the departure of Isaiah Thomas , Green has now become the best option for the Suns off the bench .
The Spurs ( 40 - 12 ) have undoubtedly observed that the Sixers ( 18 - 34 ) seem to be a different team from seasons past , when their presence on a schedule almost guaranteed a win .
The power forward posted 22 points , two rebounds and an assist over 21 minutes , his seventh consecutive double - digit scoring performance .
Giannis Antetokounmpo break out of a recent slump , tallying 24 points , eight assists , five rebounds , two steals and two blocks .
The Charlotte Hornets ( 23 - 25 ) defeated the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 9 - 41 ) 101 - 82 at Staples_Center on Sunday .
New_Orleans came into this game winners of five of their last seven and with the good news that Eric Gordon would be returning to the line - up after missing 16 games , but things took a turn for the worst when Anthony Davis injured his foot in pre - game warm up .
The Jazz will look to keep their playoff hopes alive , as they host the Timberwolves on Friday .
In a battle between two of the top - five teams in the league , the Rockets were able to add to their hot stretch with a huge road win over Toronto .
The Hornets ( 29 - 39 ) had to play this game without Nicolas Batum ( migraine ) and they simply are n't the same team without him .
Milwaukee broke a six - game losing streak against the Mavericks and also broke their three - game losing streak with this win .
The Grizzlies won their sixth straight game , comfortably settling into the second slot in the Western_Conference .
Thaddeus Young snapped a five - game streak of single - digit scoring by pouring in 18 points .
Karl-Anthony Towns had perhaps the best game of his short career thus far .
In contast , a night earlier , the Sixers had taken the ball 17 times themselves from the Suns , which they 'd converted to 28 points .
Jarell Martin was the third reserve to post double - digit scoring , registering 10 points , four rebounds and a steal .
However , with Kevin Love out of commission as a result of a corneal abrasion sustained during Wednesday 's win against the Miami Heat , the road was all the more winding when 16 turnovers were transformed into 24 points for the Bulls .
Chicago has been devastated by injuries lately , but it pulled together a complete effort to score a huge win in front of the home crowd .
The Nets ( 9 - 47 ) have now lost 14 - straight , as they simply ca n't get any stops on the defensive end .
The box score reflects three strong performances from Kevin Durant , Russell Westbrook and Serge Ibaka .
Chicago 's footing came a little loose recently , as they 've won just three of their last seven games , including this win over Boston .
Hernangomez posted a 15 - point , 14 - rebound double - double that also included four assists .
Derrick Favors , who has been having an excellent second half of the season , sat out of this game with back spasms despite being able to participate in Monday 's shootaround .
Detroit also dominated scoring in the paint in addition to the rebounding , as they outscored Chicago , 58 - 32 in the paint .
This win ended a three - game skid for the Kings and it came with a great team performance .
Nick Young and D'Angelo Russell nailed much needed back - to - back three pointers to put the game out of reach and secure the rest of the victory from the charity stripe .
The Bulls ( 5 - 1 ) extended their winning streak to four games with Friday ’ s 118 - 116 win over the 76ers ( 0 - 6 ) .
On top of that , he 's also been doing work on the glass , as while he managed to record just two rebounds Thursday , he is still averaging 7 per game off the bench .
Among the starters , Serge Ibaka had one of the most forgettable games of his career , going scoreless over 20 minutes before fouling out .
The Nets outscored their visitors , 74 - 48 , over the third and fourth quarters for one of their biggest victories of the season .
The Miami Heat ( 21 - 26 ) defeated the Boston Celtics ( 16 - 30 ) 83 - 75 on Sunday at the TD_Garden in Boston .
DeMar DeRozan was the player of the game , as he tallied 31 points , five rebounds and four assists in just three quarters of action .
Davis finished with 28 points ( 8 - 18 FG , 12 - 14 FT ) , 10 rebounds and five steals , notching his third double - double over his last four games .
For the first - time in 72 games , the Warriors ' ( 7 - 2 ) Kevin Durant failed to score 20 or more points .
The Wizards rested John Wall for the second night in a row , as they do not have much to play for as the season winds down .
Both teams play the second game of a back - to - back on Monday , with the Heat visiting the Atlanta Hawks ( 14 - 11 ) and the Grizzlies hosting the Washington Wizards ( 10 - 12 ) .
The Warriors look extend their 10 - game winning streak , as they play host to the Wizards on Sunday .
DeMarcus Cousins is always the centerpiece of the Sacramento offense due to his immense talent .
His points total came just one point shy of a season - high for the 10th - year pro out of North Carolina .
Ramon Sessions was in the starting five again in Wall 's stead , and acquitted himself well once more .
Bledsoe scored game - high 23 points , but in general , the Suns could n't buy a bucket Saturday .
All the talk will be around Russell Westbrook though , as he tied Oscar Robertsonl 's record for the most triple - doubles in a season , as Westbrook picked up his 41st on the year in this win .
The game came down to starkly contrasting third and fourth quarters , with the Raptors ( 33 - 24 ) catching fire at the right time and making a memorable comeback for the victory .
Rookie Kristaps Porzingis , who 'd been going through a difficult stretch over the last several games , bounced back with a double - double , while veteran Jose Calderon equaled his second - best scoring total of the season in his second game back from a groin ailment .
Love put together a second consecutive double - double , collecting 18 points and hauling in 16 boards .
The Pacers are in position to clinch the East 's final playoff spot with a win Wednesday against the Grizzlies or a Nets loss .
Casspi ’ s impressive night was the spark Sacramento needed to compete without their all star center .
Star forward Derrick Favors remains out indefinitely with a knee injury , while starters George Hill and Rodney Hood were both forced to sit out Thursday 's contest with minor injuries of their own .
After his 10 - of - 10 performance at the charity stripe Tuesday , Butler has now made his last 18 free throw attempts and 78 of his last 89 ( 88 percent ) over that eight - game stretch .
Indiana ( 18 - 18 ) had just four road wins headed into this matchup , so a fourth quarter surge to grab their fifth is just what they need to find some momentum .
He had n't played since January 9 , so it was a good sign for his ankle with how well he performed .
It was the second loss in as many nights for the Timberwolves , who fell to Portland 107 - 93 on Sunday .
This loss snapped a three - game winning streak for Milwaukee .
They were without Derrick Favors ( ankle ) on Sunday , but Favors is travelling with the team on their six - game road trip , indicating that he could return sooner than later .
The Houston Rockets ( 10 ) defeated the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 0 - 1 ) 108 - 90 at the Staples_Center on Tuesday in Los_Angeles .
Allen Crabbe was huge off the bench , scoring 16 points .
The win was a big one for Miami , as it moves them a game ahead of the Pacers for seventh place in the Eastern_Conference standings and three games back from the sixth - place Bucks .
The Jazz outscored the short - handed Timberwolves 31 - 17 in the third and led by as many as 27 in the game .
Jae Crowder was second on Boston , with 20 points , six rebounds and four assists .
Jeremy Lin came off the bench once again , as he accumulated 16 points , two rebounds and four assists .
He put up 27 points to go with 10 reboudnds and five three - pointers in collecting his first double - double of the season , doing all of his damage in just 28 minutes .
The Warriors were missing Andrew Bogut , who was a late scratch after coming down with flu - like symptoms .
While much of the attention has been on Giannis Antetokounmpo for his breakout season , fellow young star Jabari Parker has quietly been having a breakout season of his own , and his 27 - point performance on Wednesday night was his fourth such game of the season .
Dallas ( 12 - 27 ) was able to pull away with a strong start to the second half .
Rudy Gobert recorded a 15 - point , 16 - rebound double - double , while adding four blocks to his tally .
Additionally , Enes Kanter posted yet another double - double as a reserve , posting 14 points and 14 rebounds in 34 minutes .
The Knicks ( 22 - 33 ) have had a ton of drama surrounding their team and losses like this show just why .
Both teams play the second game of a back - to - back on the road on Wednesday , with Wizards taking on the Sacramento Kings ( 29 - 45 ) and the Warriors visiting the Utah Jazz ( 37 - 37 ) .
It helped to have French swingman Nicolas Batum back in the fold after missing some time with a back injury .
Los_Angeles has now won three straight without Blake Griffin after holding off San_Antonio on Thursday .
Memphis snapped the Warriors ' 16 - game winning streak .
Derrick Rose was second on the team , with his 19 points and five rebounds .
He absolutely dominated the Pacer 's interior , with 33 points and 13 rebounds .
Jahlil Okafor also made his return here from a knee injury and put in a double - double off the bench in just 20 minutes of play .
Paul continued to take on the brunt of the offensive load for the Clippers , as his partner in crime Blake Griffin remains out with a broken hand .
On Wednesday , the team saw a defeat that was a microcosm of their season .
Meanwhile , the Cavs earned their fourth straight win , and snapped the Hornet 's three - game win streak .
Hassan Whiteside was the player of the game , as he totaled 26 points and 22 rebounds on 10 - of - 16 shooting .
Utah will play the undefeated Golden_State Warriors on Monday in their next scheduled game and it should be a great test for this defense against the best offense in the NBA .
Danilo Gallinari continued his scoring ways , as he dropped 27 points in the loss .
Tyson Chandler joined him as the other double - digit scoring reserve , impressively amassing a 10 - point , 10 - rebound double - double in just 15 minutes of court time .
On Friday , newly acquired veteran Pau Gasol delivered his biggest performance in a Spurs uniform .
Portland had its four - game win streak snapped Saturday despite coming into the game on three days of rest .
Brooklyn ( 9 - 48 ) , meanwhile , appears far from getting back on track .
For Indiana , both Paul George and Myles Turner returned to the lineup after missing time with ankle injuries , but even that was n't enough to get past the Hawks .
Kenneth Faried , who missed the last two games with a back injury , added 13 points and eight assists off the bench .
The Lakers put together a 18 - 4 scoring run midway through the fourth quarter , which pulled the game within five points , but Derrick Rose drained multiple clutch shots down the stretch which kept the Lakers out of reach .
Dirk Nowitzki , who sat out of Thursday 's contest against Sacramento , returned to action and turned in a clutch performance .
The supposedly tanking Lakers ( 26 - 55 ) have now won five straight games following Tuesday nights 's wire - to - wire performance , as after the home team was losing for majority of the first quarter until Larry Nance hit a three - pointer at the buzzer that put them up 26 - 25 .
With the win , Cleveland extends their lead on the Eastern_Conference , comfortably holding the first seed .
Elfrid Payton 's 23 - point , 10 - assist double - double paced Orlando .
Superstar James Harden went just 5 - of - 17 from the field , contributing to the Rockets ' sub - par shooting night .
Indiana ( 6 - 7 ) came into this game as a huge favorite , but they simply could n't overcome some notable injuries .
D'Angelo Russell could n't put together a third consecutive standout performance , but did pitch in with 12 points , four assists and and three steals .
The Wizards ( 29 - 20 ) have been a dominant team at home all season , having secured 20 of the 28 victories they 'd come in to Thursday with at Verizon_Center .
Richaun Holmes also had a nice game off the bench in garbage time , as he tallied 14 points and six rebounds .
Charlotte had quietly been playing very well of late , but dropped its third straight game Tuesday .
The win snapped a two - game losing streak , giving the Knicks a half game lead over the Minnesota Timberwolves for worst record in the league .
The Warriors , on the other hand , continue to have a commanding lead in the standings , as they 've already clinched the number one overall seed in the Western_Conference playoffs .
It was a come - from - behind victory for the Blazers , as they 'd trailed the Magic ( 21 - 38 ) by a 55 - 46 margin at halftime .
It is impressive that the Grizzlies barely moved position , even with the onslaught of injuries to Dave Joerger ’ s team .
The Bucks ( 40 - 38 ) are fending off numerous teams for the final few playoff spots in the East and non - competitive losses like this certainty ca n't help that pursuit .
The Celtics ( 5 - 5 ) continue to struggle without Al Horford ( concussion ) and Jae Crowder ( ankle ) and this was easily their worst loss of the season .
Middleton put together his seventh 20 - point - plus performance in the last eight games , tallying 22 points , seven rebounds , seven assists and a pair of steals .
The Raptors ( 49 - 31 ) came in with a playoff berth assured but also seeking to stay locked into the third seed in the Eastern_Conference .
It was the sophomore 's first 30 - point outing of the season , and it came along with eight rebounds , four assists , and three steals .
DeMarcus Cousins also stepped up in Rondo 's absence , totaling 26 points and 12 rebounds .
The Los_Angeles Lakers ( 15 - 41 ) beat the Utah Jazz ( 21 - 35 ) 100 - 97 on Wednesday .
On Monday , the team continued the trend , getting off to a quick start with a 39 - point first quarter .
These seem to be different times , however , and the Sixers came roaring out of intermission to outscore their visitors , 27 - 15 , in the third quarter .
Meanwhile , Young managed 16 points , 12 rebounds and a steal over 36 minutes on the court , making it his fifth double - double in the last seven contests .
Kings offseason acquisition Marco Belinelli was in the starting five at small forward as part of the personnel shift , but couldn ’ t come close to duplicating the success he ’ d enjoyed off the bench in the first five games .
LaMarcus Aldridge finished second on the team , collecting 21 points , nine rebounds and four assists .
Chandler made his presence known , recording 11 points , 16 rebounds and one block in 34 minutes .
Carmelo Anthony did n't play , deciding to rest the second game of a back - to - back .
The Trail_Blazers ( 18 - 25 ) have struggled on defense all season and a 75 - point first half allowed to the Wizards only adds to those troubles .
Rondae Hollis-Jefferson , who has flown under the radar in his rookie season , did not impress in his outing and finished with two points and four rebounds .
Gobert 's six offensive rebounds also helped the Jazz overcome a poor perimeter shooting night , offering Utah a number of second - chance attempts .
His shot has been much improved over the past few months , he showed that against San_Antonio going 7 - for - 15 from the field .
Miami ( 35 - 38 ) , meanwhile , has been surging lately , pushing their way to the playoff picture after a dismal 13 - 30 start to the season .
He finished the game with nine points on 3 - of - 10 shooting from the field , 12 assists , 10 rebounds and eight steals , but was unable to complete the illusive quadruple - double .
Paul George exceeded his minutes restriction , finishing with 10 points in 18 minutes on the floor .
Ian Mahinmi sat this one out with a sore back , while Rodney Stuckey remained out with a bruised foot and will not be back before the all - star break .
Considering that the Celtics own the rights to the team 's draft pick this coming summer , the Nets will fight hard to turn the season around after a disappointing start .
Jones came off the bench Friday to post a highly - efficient 23 - point , seven - rebound , four - block performance over just 21 minutes of court time .
Crabbe was lights out from the field , evidenced by his 9 - of - 11 shooting , which included three buckets from behind the arc and four assists .
Tyler Johnson was huge off the bench for Miami , as he matched Whiteside 's 32 points , while adding five rebounds , three assists and three steals .
They managed to erase a 19 - point deficit in the second quarter , coming within five points of the Bulls heading into the fourth and finishing the job with a 30 - 18 final quarter .
On Sunday , the Mavericks upset their divisional rival San_Antonio Spurs .
The Thunder were missing Steven Adams , who sat out with a sore elbow .
Utah ( 21 - 13 ) did n't play their best game against the Suns , but they did enough to escape with a win .
The Timberwolves ( 4 - 8 ) came into this game averaging 108 points per game on the season but were stopped in their tracks by a stubborn , veteran Memphis squad .
It 's often said that a change of scenery can do wonders for a player 's outlook and consequently , his performance .
They attempt the most three - pointers in the NBA , but went just 7 - for - 15 here in an efficient fashion .
Seven of those turnovers came from first - time All-Star Draymond Green , who also failed to prevent sophomore Julius Randle from crashing the board 14 times by the day 's end .
Six Bulls players finished scoring in double figures , led by Butler 's team high 28 points on 11 - of - 17 shooting .
It was n't quite on par with his two previous games , where he recorded 26 and 22 points , but on a night where the team as a whole really struggled , it was the best that he could do .
Jahlil Okafor put together a solid offensive performance in the loss , scoring 16 points in 24 minutes , but it 's clear that Philadelphia is missing the inside presence of Joel Embiid , who has now missed five of the last six games with a knee contusion .
His scoring haul included a 16 - for - 17 performance from the foul line .
Stanley Johnson made his return to the lineup after being out with a shoulder injury that he suffered on February 22nd .
Thaddeus Young matched that 21 - point total , adding seven rebounds and two steals to his tally .
Jeremy Lin was second on the team , as he accrued 17 points , three rebounds and three assists off the bench .
After coming off one of his best games of the year against Minnesota when he finished with 15 points and four assists , Elfrid Payton came back down to earth and only provided two points ( 1 - 5 FG ) .
Los_Angeles ( 29 - 15 ) had to play their first game without Chris Paul ( hand ) and this could be a sign of things to come .
After many had criticized the defending champs for their slow start to the season , the Spurs have made them eat their words , as they now own a half game lead over the Clippers , Grizzlies and Rockets for that second projected playoff seed .
This was Westbrook 's fifth triple - double of the season and 24th of his career .
The grit - and - grind Memphis Grizzlies ( 44 - 17 ) took home the 97 - 90 win over the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 16 - 45 ) on Friday .
Golden_State was unable to extend their home winning streak to 20 games as Klay Thompson 's last second floater was off the mark .
The Warriors have swept the season series with the Trail_Blazers 30 .
His four steals were also a career - high .
The Grizzlies will look to forget this game as they will take on the Spurs in San_Antonio on Sunday .
Additionally , Trevor Ariza shot his way out of a bad offensive slump , scoring 20 points on 7 - of - 15 shooting in 36 minutes of his own .
This Pelicans roster was depleted just as much as Washington 's just last week , but most of those guys are back now .
Drummond has come out of the All-Star break in impressive fashion , combining for 36 points and 36 rebounds in the first two games back .
The Hawks ran away with the game in the fourth quarter , expanding upon their lead with a 41 - 26 rout of the home team .
Nene Hilario returned to the starting lineup after being used off the bench for the majority of the season .
Reigning MVP Steph Curry , meanwhile , had only 14 points and five assists , shooting only 5 - of - 12 on the night .
The Hornets were able to regain their footing in the final 12 minutes , and pull away for their fourth win in the last five contests .
It was the usual suspects turning in big performances for the Clippers on Wednesday .
Meanwhile , the Thunder are continuing to ride on the coattails of All-Star point guard Russell Westbrook , whose numbers , as expected are jumping off the box score .
It was one of the best nights of the season for Washington , as the Wizards blew out their divisional rival by almost 30 points .
Roy Hibbert has protected the rim and finished with four blocks , in addition to seven points and eight rebounds , but his pace is not aiding the Lakers defensive woes .
He shot 5 - for - 7 from the field to score a season - high 13 points , but was also able to record four steals in 29 minutes .
Russell Westbrook added another triple - double to his tally , accumulating 24 points , 13 rebounds and 12 assists .
Matching 24 - point efforts from Stephen Curry and Andre Iguodala led Golden_State , while Atlanta 's 19 turnovers hurt their case .
The Miami Heat ( 5 - 3 ) defeated the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 1 - 6 ) 101 - 88 on Tuesday .
Curry continued to score at a historic pace , dropping in six threes en route to 38 points .
Toronto played their first home game in nearly a month and didn ’ t disappoint .
Vince Carter got a rare start and totaled 15 points , seven rebounds and four assists .
The Miami Heat ( 20 - 25 ) fell to the Milwaukee Bucks ( 23 - 22 ) 109 - 102 on Tuesday at the AmericanAirlines Arena .
All five members of the first unit were able to play under 30 minutes for the Wizards , a welcome luxury in the latter stages of what has been a tough season for them to date .
While Tyler Johnson ( eight points , three rebounds ) drew the start in Wade 's stead , Green got hot from the field and received some extra run as a result .
The blowout win advances the Wizards to 3 - 1 out of the All-Star break , with the sole loss coming on the third day of a rare back - to - back - to - back caused by a postponed game .
Jamal Crawford picked up his third Sixth Man of the Year award last season with the Clippers , but was used almost as much as the starters in the rotation , and the thin bench did not extend too much past that last year .
The Jazz have been struggling mightily recently and this performance is indicative of their form since the All-Star break , as they 've lost nine of their last 12 .
The Sixers have accomplished new levels of futility this season for a variety of reasons , and carelessness with the ball has certainly been a primary one .
In other injury news , Kemba Walker is targeting a mid - March return date as he recovers from surgery on his torn meniscus and Bismack Biyombo has been cleared to resume basketball activities and should miss just three more games .
It became a closer game than expected as the Pelicans got within six points , with 50 seconds left , but the Spurs held on to make history .
Durant had the heroics , but Thunder guard Russell Westbrook was the best player on the court , as he made his mark on this game early and often .
In his Sixers debut , Isaiah Canaan moved into the starting lineup at point guard and had 14 points ( 5 - 12 FG , 4 - 9 3Pt ) , four rebounds and three assists .
Goran Dragic and Hassan Whiteside led the way for Miami with a combined 43 points , and the Heat reserves totaled 53 points while getting extra run in the blowout win .
The Jazz ( 45 - 29 ) improved upon their slight lead over the Clippers for the fourth seed in the Western_Conference with a win over the shorthanded Pelicans , as DeMarcus Cousins ( ankle ) was sidelined for a second straight game .
For Harden , it was his 3 - point shooting performance that was his worst of the season , as his nine percent ( 1 - of - 11 ) mark from long range beat out his previous worst of 2 - of - 11 ( 18 percent ) from deep .
Luol Deng got the start at small forward and put up 18 points , four rebounds , three assists , a steal , and a block .
It was n't a one - man show , however , as Enes Kanter came off the bench to notch a double - double of 27 points and 10 rebounds in just 28 minutes .
Stephen Curry finished with a game - high 34 points on sizzling 13 - of - 19 shooting , including 4 - of - 8 from long range .
Brook Lopez had a quiet game by his standards , tallying 13 points , three boards , two assists , two steals and a block .
Chicago was without their superstar as well , as Jimmy Butler ( ankle ) was sidelined with knee soreness .
Bobby Portis continues to breakout as well , as he dropped 16 points and 10 rebounds off the bench .
Embiid managed to get his hands on the ball again in time to hoist a 28 - footer a second later , but the home team was assured the win when that shot failed to find the net .
Chalmers started in place of Mike Conley , who missed his fifth game with a sore left achilles .
DeMar DeRozan carried the load for Toronto , as he accrued 26 points , six rebounds , two assists and two steals .
Jeremy Lin enjoyed a standout night , leading the way for the visitors with 32 points and supplementing them with five rebounds , three assists , two steals and one block .
Meanwhile , Eric Gordon notched a season - high 29 points on 10 - of - 17 shooting , including 7 - of - 12 from deep , in 28 minutes off the bench .
Atlanta ( 39 - 38 ) has been sliding badly in the standings , only worsening its situation by losing its ninth game in the last 11 outings on Sunday .
The Suns get another chance to gain ground in the West on Saturday when they host the Spurs .
The Los_Angeles Clippers ( 53 - 26 ) held off the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 20 - 57 ) , 105 - 100 , on Tuesday at the Staples_Center .
Marcus Smart ( ankle ) is close to returning but sat out again Friday .
DeMarcus Cousins was second on the team in scoring , tallying 22 points to go with 15 rebounds , four assists and three blocks in the win .
His improved play has been a key cog in the Celtics establishing themselves as a playoff contender .
Phoenix suffered another setback after Tyson Chandler ( back ) left Monday ’ s game with back spasms after logging two points and one rebound in 13 minutes of action .
Devin Booker had a standout performance , as his sophomore season continues where he left off from his rookie year .
Tuesday night was a continuation of what has been a dominant start to the season for forward Anthony Davis .
But perhaps the most overlooked stat of Antetokounmpo 's breakout season is his steal totals , which , after recording two in Monday 's loss to San_Antonio , is now up to 2 per game .
Luckily for the Sixers , they do n't play again until the calendar turns to 2017 .
The New Orleans Pelicans also came out with a win on Monday , so both the Thunder and Pelicans remain tied for the eighth and final projected playoff seed in the West .
Eric Bledsoe , who had been averaging 31 points over his previous three games , shot just 5 - of - 14 from the field for 14 points in 30 minutes .
Serge Ibaka continued his good form , as he tallied 22 points and six rebounds in the win .
The Tennessee product has been productive in multiple appearances off the bench in the latter half of the season , and did not disappoint Monday in his start at point guard .
New_Orleans ' three - point shooting was particularly impressive , as they tallied a 59 percent success rate from behind the arc .
The Kings ( 31 - 48 ) narrowly missed the win thanks to sloppy play on the offensive end .
For the Cavaliers , it was one of their more uninspiring performances of the season , as they lacked much energy and settled for a lot of 3 - point shots .
Houston ( 54 - 27 ) had a rough night on Monday , starting with superstar James Harden .
The biggest differential in the stat line was that the Raptors outscored the Mavericks in the paint 44 - 30 .
The Bulls ( 13 - 10 ) did a good job to hang - on for their second straight win .
After a solid win in Phoenix , the Timberwolves ( 5 - 11 ) slipped back into their old ways with a good start and then a lull period in the middle quarters .
Their Minnesota teammates , however , managed to score just 26 points , causing them to fall just short and putting their three - game win streak to an end .
The offensively - challenged Mavericks ( 3 - 15 ) checked in to Thursday 's contest having failed to score in the triple digits in 10 of their last 11 games , and with Dirk Nowitzki out again with an Achilles injury , they struggled yet again .
It was nice bounce back game for him after shooting only 33 percent against the Lakers on Sunday .
Kris Middleton was dealing with a knee injury coming into this game , but finished with 10 points off the bench in 20 minutes .
Chris Bosh was the star of the game though , as he scored 23 points and snatched down seven rebounds .
Robert Covington totaled 22 points overall , including a three - pointer with four seconds remaining , to lead the Sixers to their eighth victory in 10 games .
With the Pistons and the Bulls both taking loses on Friday night , this win is extremely valuable for Miami 's playoff aspirations , as it puts them one game ahead of the ninth - place Pistons and two games ahead of the tenth - place Bulls .
D'Angelo Russell led the way for the home team with 28 points , six rebounds and five assists .
The Kings ( 6 - 10 ) battled back in the second half but it was too little too late as the Rockets cruised to their fourth win in five games .
Too much should n't be read into the correlation , but it 's worth mentioning , because if the team does n't like the direction they 're heading with Rondo this season , he could end up on the trade block with his contract set to expire .
Elfrid Payton began the post All-Star break on a good note .
The Hawks ( 51 - 14 ) held on to defeat the Lakers ( 17 - 47 ) 91 - 86 at the Staples_Center on Sunday .
He 's had two solid showings in a row , combining for 33 points , 17 rebounds and seven steals .
Miami ( 34 - 36 ) has been one of the hottest teams in the league , but fell down to ninth place with the loss to Portland .
Up next , the Nuggets will look to build on this victory Wednesday against the Timberwolves , while the Warriors will look to bounce back Wednesday in a revenge game against the Kings .
DeMar DeRozan lit it up with 42 points in 41 minutes on 14 - for - 27 shooting to go along with 11 rebounds .
Giannis Antetokounmpo , a first - time All-Star at 22 years old , scored 26 points on 11 - of - 16 shooting to go with eight rebounds , five assists , and two blocks .
The Bucks are also idle Friday before hosting the Pistons on Saturday to wrap up their four - game home stand .
The Miami Heat defeated the host Utah Jazz on Thursday , 111 - 110 .
In addition , they host the Nuggets on Tuesday in an important game in the battle for the final playoff spot out West .
Kyle Lowry had to carry the team in the absence of DeMar DeRozan ( ankle ) , as he scored a game - high 32 points to go along with three rebounds and six assists .
McCollum continued his trend of premier shooting with 27 points , four rebounds , seven assists and one steal on 11 - of - 21 shooting .
The Bulls ( 22 - 23 ) really needed this one , as they were coming off two ugly losses .
Beal missed a second game - winning trey at the buzzer , as the two teams lived on to play past the 60 - minute mark .
Gobert 's play on both sides of the floor has made his a matchup nightmare for opposing frontcourts .
These are two teams battling to capture that eight - seed in the west and this veteran Dallas team gave it to this new - look New_Orleans bunch .
The Bulls have been struggling recently , but this date with the Lakers is just what the doctor ordered .
The Jazz ( 39 - 24 ) were able to escape with a win here , as this marked their fifth win in their last seven games .
The statistics indicate a Pelicans victory , as they shot 45 percent to the Bulls 42 percent and outassistted Chicago 26 - 17 in the loss .
Phoenix ( 7 - 17 ) got some great performances here , but they could n't quite pull out a win against a hungry Pelicans team .
The victory was the second in a row for the Bulls ( 23 - 23 ) , and it brought the team back up to .500 on the season .
Despite a late push from the Utah Jazz ( 4 - 5 ) , the Orlando Magic ( 5 - 5 ) were able to secure their fifth win of the season .
The remainder of the starting five outside of Eric Gordon continues to struggle to muster consistent offense , however , and went a combined 11 - for - 28 from the field .
The Pacers will look to play better on Friday in a road matchup against the New_Orleans Pelicans .
The Bucks carried the momentum into the fourth , where they continued to dominate , winning the quarter 25 - 17 , to amass the 14 - point winning margin and their fifth - straight win .
Barnes led the team in scoring , dropping 31 points on 11 - of - 18 shooting .
The Bucks ( 32 - 33 ) earned their sixth straight win , and took another step towards solidifying their spot in the top eight in the East , as they used a well - rounded team effort to out - last the pesky Timberwolves ( 27 - 38 ) .
Gordon Hayward continued his great form , as his 25 points and nine boards marked the fifth - straight game with at least 20 points and five rebounds .
The entire team shined in terms of efficiency , hitting shots at a higher clip than any other game in the franchise 's history .
It was his lowest scoring output since January ninth against the Lakers , so it came quite unexpected .
It was a night of improbabilities , with the Pistons coming into the contest looking to snap a five - game losing streak at Quicken_Loans_Arena of all places , where Cleveland had only dropped four games all season .
Led by DeMarcus Cousins , the Kings also out - rebounded the Nuggets 40 to 32 .
After undergoing knee surgery in February , Anthony missed much of the 2014 - 15 season .
The Hawks narrowly escaped a bench - fueled comeback from the Chicago Bulls on Friday .
Despite the loss , Marc Gasol continued to have a fantastic season .
The Wizards ( 16 - 16 ) learned earlier in the day that Bradley Beal would rest his sprained right ankle against the Nets ( 8 - 24 ) , which pushed Sheldon McClellan into the starting lineup alongside John Wall .
They 're also slotted in the sixth seed for the moment , and wrap up the season against the Orlando Magic at home on Wednesday .
Veteran star Dirk Nowitzki , meanwhile , led the team with 12 rebounds despite scoring only eight points .
The Suns ( 0 - 4 ) fail to grab their first win of the season , but got a solid performance from Brandon Knight and hung with one of the Western_Conference ’ s most complete teams through three quarters .
The Los_Angeles Lakers ( 6 - 27 ) pulled out the win on the road Wednesday night over the Boston Celtics ( 18 - 14 ) , 112 - 104 at the TD_Garden .
He had a very poor game against the Knicks on Sunday , so it was a nice bounce back showing for him .
For the Knicks ( 14 - 12 ) , forward Carmelo Anthony ( shoulder ) and guard Derrick Rose ( knee ) found themselves injured at an inopportune time .
Gary Harris pitched in 14 points and a trio of boards , leaving rookie Emmanuel Mudiay as the only Denver starter in the single digits in scoring ( seven points ) in a tough learning experience versus Paul .
Evan Turner was the only bench player to score more than seven points , as he dropped 17 points on 7 - of - 13 shooting .
Emmanuel Mudiay had one of his best games of the season , accumulating 22 points , seven rebounds and five assists in the win .
The Pistons ( 34 - 37 ) were the latest unit to learn that lesson the hard way , as they first saw the Nets storm back from a 31 - 22 first - quarter deficit to forge a six - point halftime lead by outscoring Detroit , 28 - 13 , in the second quarter .
Ultimately , on a night where both teams were playing the second game of a back - to - back set , the Jazz just could n't finish the deal in the fourth quarter .
The Sacramento Kings defeated the Phoenix Suns 114 - 112 in an exciting double - overtime bout of emerging Western_Conference contenders Friday .
Regardless , the Nets still find themselves in the playoffs and hold a one - game lead over the Pacers and Heat for the final spot in the East .
Booker shot just 6 - of - 26 from the field , a career - high in missed field goals for the youngster .
However , the All-Star also tacked on 11 assists , and his average of 9 per game puts him at second in the NBA behind the Kings ' Rajon Rondo .
Denver was the more inept team though , as they set an NBA season - high with 29 turnovers of their own .
When these two are playing like that , this team is hard to stop .
The NBA ’ s second - leading scorer last season went 5 - of - 20 against Brooklyn on Friday and is now 26 - of - 84 from the field over his last four games .
The 23 - point outing from DeMar DeRozan was his lowest of the season , as he hadn ’ t scored below 32 points all year .
The Kings will look to bounce back when they host the Philadelphia 76ers ( 2 - 31 ) on Wednesday , while the Warriors will also play on Wednesday , and take their five game winning streak to the Dallas Mavericks ( 18 - 13 ) .
The Rockets ( 44 - 21 ) had won eight of 11 headed into this game , but a date with this Jazz defense is one of the toughest in the league .
The Sixers ( 15 - 27 ) have the worst plus - minus in the NBA without Joel Embiid in the lineup and losses like this show how much of a difference he makes .
The Mavericks were able to rest their starters quite a bit here and that could be beneficial when they will look to rebound in their next game against the Los_Angeles Clippers on Wednesday in the second half of a back - to - back .
Memphis had to play this game without Marc Gasol , Zach Randolph , Mario Chalmers and Mike Conley and those injuries are just too difficult to overcome .
Denver ( 4 - 8 ) has fallen victim to late game execution all season long and this was yet another meltdown in overtime .
At the beginning of the season , the Timberwolves were supposed to be the young surprise team in the league , but the Lakers have taken that crown thus far .
Boston ( 39 - 22 ) moved to just three games back from the first seed with the win .
In the end , it was weak bench play that sunk the defending champs .
Motiejunas played well and was the third Rocket to reach the 20 - point mark as he sored 21 points ( 10 - 15 FG , 1 - 2 3Pt ) and pulled in six rebounds .
While pregame statements from team leader LeBron James indicated that Cleveland had undergone no special preparation for Monday 's game , the drubbing still came as a surprise to most .
Aldridge followed with 23 points , seven rebounds , two assists , two blocks and a steal .
Both teams shot lights out from three - point land - - 11 of 20 for Oklahoma_City and 11 of 21 for New_York - - as both teams put on an offensive show .
The Clippers finished the season series with the Trail_Blazers up 3 - 1 .
Orlando has been struggling mightily recently and it all came to a head here .
The Grizzlies will look to play better on Saturday , when they host the Indiana Pacers .
The Bulls ( 20 - 21 ) took a staggering 101 shots from the field , hitting 43 percent , including 8 - of - 20 from long range .
The host Los_Angeles Lakers defeated the Oklahoma_City Thunder on Tuesday , 111 - 109 , at Staples_Center .
Marc Gasol put the Grizzlies on his back and helped the Grizzlies get their first victory of the year .
Corey Brewer missed two huge free throws late in the fourth quarter , but it did n't cost the Rockets , who have won two straight after starting the season 0 - 3 .
Nikola Mirotic and Allen Crabbe were nice sparks off the bench , as Crabbe dropped 17 for the Blazers and Mirotic scored 18 for the Bulls .
Jahlil Okafor continued his impressive rookie campaign with 21 points and 15 rebounds for his first career double - double .
Dallas welcomed Rajon Rondo to the team with a victory .
Statistics are a strange thing and they 're even more bizarre when looking at this box score .
No other Wizards player came close to Wall 's oustanding scoring total , but Marcin Gortat did return from a knee infection to post a solid 18 points , 11 rebounds , an assist , a steal and a pair of blocks .
The Lakers hung with the Bulls in the first half , playing competitively and physically behind Julius Randle , who strung together another strong performance to the tune of 22 points and 12 rebounds on 10 - of - 19 shooting .
DeAndre Jordan controlled the rebounding , as he snatched down 17 rebounds in the victory .
Los_Angeles has won their last two games , defeating the Toronto Raptors 129 - 122 in overtime Sunday before going on the road to beat the Pistons .
Houston will look to play better on Saturday in a road matchup against the Denver Nuggets .
He also set a new career high with four 3 - pointers made .
DeMar DeRozan was not far behind , scoring 22 points on 6 - of - 19 shooting in 37 minutes .
Pierce jumped back into the starting lineup after missing two games with knee soreness , helping the Wizards with 14 points , five rebounds , five assists , and four three - pointers in 34 minutes .
This was a mismatch in nearly every facet , as the Warriors are the best offensive team in basketball , while the Lakers are one of the worst defenses .
Chris Paul recorded 10 assists in the game , marking 25 total assists since his last turnover .
All-Star shooting guard , DeMar DeRozan was not himself , putting up just six points on 2 - for - 11 shooting from the field in 33 minutes .
Unfortuantely , a lack luster start to the season had them at 4 - 7 entering the day , and the Rockets decided they needed to light a spark under the team .
Oklahoma_City cracked their six - game losing streak with Wednesday 's win .
The Houston Rockets ( 40 - 41 ) took care of business against the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 28 - 53 ) on Monday in a 129 - 105 win .
The steady Jordan Clarkson followed Bryant 's performance with 18 points , five rebounds and two assists of his own .
Joel Embiid continues to be the lone bright spot for the one - win Philadelphia 76ers and is putting up terrific numbers during his 24 - minute restriction through 10 games .
The Jazz will host the last - place Dallas Mavericks on Friday , while the Thunder will take on the Phoenix Suns on Saturday .
The Warriors ( 66 - 14 ) have secured the top - spot in the west and wins like this show just how motivated they are .
Marvin Williams continued his recently resurgent offensive play , posting 15 points , five rebounds and a pair of assists .
The Heat played their best game of the season on Sunday and that can be attributed to a spectacular performance from Hassan Whiteside .
The Oklahoma_City Thunder defeated the host Chicago Bulls , 109 - 94 , at United_Center on Monday .
Andrew Wiggins pitched in with his fourth outstanding offensive performance over the last five games , pouring in 26 points and adding three rebounds .
It was a nice bounce back game for him after scoring only six points on Sunday .
D'Angelo Russell posted a nice double - double with 16 points and 10 rebounds , however he tallied a problematic seven turn - overs .
LaMarcus Aldridge sat out a second straight game with an illness , but Chris Kaman , whom was away from the team for a personal reason for their last game , was able to return .
The Celtics are riding a three - game winning streak with contributions from the entire roster .
Favors has posted two double - doubles in a row now , combining for 40 points and 23 rebounds during that span .
On deck for the Clippers is a home matchup against the Utah Jazz on Saturday .
He was able to pull in 15 rebounds , marking his ninth double - double of the season .
Anthony Davis ' absence was certainly apparent Thursday after the rising super star was scratched from the lineup with a sprained ankle suffered during the morning shootaround .
The Boston Celtics defeated the Toronto Raptors , 109 - 104 , at TD_Garden on Wednesday .
Westbrook has led the Thunder to a 4 - 2 record without Kevin Durant , whose been out with a foot injury and has not played since Feb. 19 .
LaMarcus Aldridge finished second on the team , amassing 18 points and 10 rebounds , Pau Gasol came off the bench to provide 17 points and eight rebounds .
For the Heat , Dwyane Wade continued his impressive stretch for the Heat , as he shot 40 percent or higher from the field for the fifth straight game .
Nowitzki was far from efficient , but has not lost his clutch factor , proven by his fadeaway game winner .
Despite struggles from some of their starters , including star Paul George ( seven turnovers ) and guard Monta Ellis ( 1 - for - 8 shooting , two points ) , the Pacers were able to comfortably defeat Brooklyn for their fourth win in five games .
The Jazz were also held back by injury to a young star , as center Rudy Gobert ( ankle ) sat the contest out .
The final score made things look a bit closer than they were , as Derrick Rose drained a rather meaningless three - pointer at the buzzer with Atlanta up by five .
Atlanta ( 8 - 6 ) is in a bit of a slump right now and they 'll hope this blowout loss is rock - bottom .
D'Angelo Russell matched Lillard 's 22 points .
Milwaukee ( 11 - 10 ) has been playing some great ball recently , but heartbreaking losses like this are par for the course for such a young team .
Beverly also notched seven assists without a single turnover in one of his biggest performances of the season .
Jamal Crawford returned to the floor Tuesday after missing over a month with a calf injury .
The 16 rebounds matched a season - high for the rookie .
Atlanta dominated in the interior , as they won the rebounding battle , 44 - 28 , and outscored Toronto , 62 - 46 in the paint .
The Thunder will look to shake off this crushing loss on Wednesday when they play the Kings in Sacramento .
Enes Kanter posted a monster double - double of 25 points ( 11 - 17 FG ) and 15 rebounds in 34 minutes .
The Atlanta Hawks got a very productive performance from their bench in Wednesday 's win , with the team 's five reserves combining to score 54 of the team 's 115 points .
In a game full of revenge narratives , Serge Ibaka had the last laugh .
Ultimately , Boston was able to assert its superiority over their hapless hosts , but as has often been the case lately , it did n't happen without a fight from a feisty Sixers squad .
The Jazz cross the border and take on the Toronto Raptors in their next contest on Thursday night , while the Celtics remain home and await the Philadelphia 76ers on Friday evening .
Gordon Hayward had his third 20 - point game in his last four contests .
With both the Brooklyn Nets and Charlotte Hornets just a half game behind the Pacers though , it should be a very tight race all the way till the end of the regular season .
However , they knew not to underestimate the Sixers ( 28 - 53 ) , who 'd given many teams a difficult time , particularly at home .
Blake Griffin turned in the most all - around performance in the win against the Portland Trail_Blazers on Wednesday at Staples_Center .
The Houston Rockets ( 20 ) defeated the Utah Jazz ( 0 - 1 ) 104 - 93 on Wednesday at Energy Solutions Arena in Salt_Lake_City .
The Raptors saw eight players manage double - digit scoring and were led by DeMar DeRozan , who posted 21 points , four assists , three rebounds and a steal .
The Nets were once again without Brook Lopez ( back ) , giving Mason Plumlee another start at center .
Malcolm Brogdon collected 17 points , six rebounds and six assists .
Jrue Holiday had a nice all - around game too , accruing 10 points , eight rebounds , six assists and four steals in the defeat .
Center Hassan Whiteside , who has taken to social media to make a fierce All-Star campaign , was absent from Friday 's contest due to a strained left hip .
Atlanta secured their sixth straight win behind Paul Millsap 's big game .
Barnes supplemented his scoring total with seven rebounds , five assists and a block .
The Los_Angeles Lakers had an impressive offensive night as they took down the visiting Memphis Grizzlies , 116 - 102 , on Tuesday .
By then , the Raptors had rattled off 14 straight points and had sealed the victory .
The Thunder have dropped to 4 - 6 in their last 10 games .
He 's had a nice stretch of two games , combining for 33 points , 14 rebounds and six steals .
The Raptors host the Boston Celtics on Saturday , the second night of a back - to - back .
Meanwhile , it was another night to forget for the Pelicans , as the absence of both Jrue Holiday and E'Twaun Moore due to toe injuries ended up being too much for this offensively - challenged New_Orleans team .
The Mavericks ( 22 - 35 ) have struggled on offense all season and duds like this against a bad Minnesota defense only adds to those troubles .
Jordan Hill scored 23 points in 33 minutes , giving himself two consecutive 23 - point outings .
Russell Westbrook did all he could to keep Oklahoma_City in the game , as he accumulated 33 points , 15 rebounds and eight assists .
The second and third quarters is where the Hawks won the game , as they outscored the Jazz 50 - 30 in that 24 - minute stretch .
This was still a good showing from this Boston team and they continue to battle elite teams in difficult environments .
The Kings has solid shooting of their own ( 9 - 21 3PT ) but their offense kicked in too late to keep with Utah 's onslaught .
Like we 've grown accustomed to , Russell Westbrook came just shy of another triple - double .
Without Davis 's presence on defense , the Pelicans have allowed at least 100 points in all four games he 's missed this season .
The Cavs head back home to take on the Magic on Saturday night while the Raptors face off with the Nuggets at Air_Canada_Centre on Monday night .
It was the season debut for banged - up Jazz star Derrick Favors .
The Kings ( 4 - 9 ) rallied back late in the fourth quarter , bringing it to a two - point game , 117 - 115 , with 2:3 to go but missed shots and turned the ball over down the stretch , which cost them their fourth loss in a row .
Westbrook finished Monday 's game with 32 points , 13 rebounds and 12 assists in 33 minutes , and he had the triple - double fulfilled halfway through the third quarter .
Both teams play on Wednesday , as the Jazz visit the Sacramento Kings , while the Pelicans host the Dallas Mavericks .
Young has had an impressive couple of games in a row , combining for 48 points , 14 rebounds and 10 assists over that span .
On Friday , the Kings were once again led by superstar DeMarcus Cousins .
The Clippers easily cruised to its third consecutive victory Thursday as they handled the Nets .
The Kings were at full force tonight , as they shot an amazing 56 percent from the field in their victory .
DeMar DeRozan 's 41 points led all scorers , a total he complemented with 13 boards and two steals .
Memphis had their six - game win streak snapped with the loss .
Wayne Selden was next with a bench - leading 13 points , two rebounds and two assists .
The Utah Jazz steamrolled the Sacramento Kings on Wednesday thanks to strong offensive output .
James Harden added another triple - double to his tally , accumulating 22 points , 11 rebounds and 11 assists .
Luol Deng continued his solid stretch of play , totaling 20 points , four rebounds , two assists and a steal .
The Heat are still reeling from the recent news that Chris Bosh will miss the remainder of the season with blood clots in his lung .
Orlando ( 7 - 11 ) came into the game the heavy underdogs , with a bottom - three offense in the league and a record five games below .500 .
Minnesota will have a tough time getting back in the win column as they play host Golden_State on Sunday .
The Warriors host the Memphis Grizzlies on Monday , a contest which will help clear up the top of the Western_Conference playoff seeding .
The Knicks came into this game without Kristaps Porzingis ( achilles ) and they also lost Carmelo Anthony ( knee ) is the second quarter .
Isaiah Thomas returned to the Celtics after missing eight games with a back injury .
Despite the victory , the Hawks ( 8 - 2 ) did not get off to the best start against a depleted Heat ( 2 - 8 ) squad .
Russell Westbrook was the star , as he recorded yet another triple - double late in the second quarter .
After going scoreless in Saturday 's game against the Denver Nuggets , it was a nice bounce back game for him .
The 2015 Finals rematch featuring two of the very best in the NBA turned out to be more of a showcase for both teams ' often underrated defenses .
Memphis narrowly avoided its second loss in as many nights and third loss in a row overall .
They were able to out - shoot the Rockets , as they went 46 percent from the field compared to the 42 percent of Houston , but with James Harden taking control in the final quarter , the Knicks were n't able to find an answer to steal a victory from the Rockets on the road .
Sean Kilpatrick went just 14 - of - 34 from the field , but finished with career - high 38 points and 14 rebounds in the win .
The Cavaliers ' defensive effort was their best in a long time , as 91 points is the fewest they 've given up since March 16 against the Jazz .
The Jazz , meanwhile , dipped below .500 with the loss to Orlando .
Cousins sealed the game with a clutch block on Blazers point guard Damian Lillard , ending what was truly a memorable performance .
Bismack Biyombo played well against his former team , as he totaled eight points , 12 rebounds and three blocks .
Rookie Marcus Smart also struggled , scoring three points on just 1 - of - 6 shooting in 16 minutes .
They recently got back Marcus Smart from a toe issue and he put in his best performance of the season on Sunday .
However , the Suns still trail the streaking Thunder by 3 games for the West 's final playoff spot .
He 's been on fire the last two games , combining to go 14 - for - 21 from from the field and 2 - for - 4 from deep during that span .
Isaiah Canaan hit four three - pointer off the bench , and his 115 three - point attempts after the All-Star break ties Stephen Curry for most .
More specifically , it was a fourth quarter to forget for the reigning two - time MVP Stephen Curry , who was 0 - for - 1 from the field and committed two turnovers in the five minutes he managed to play in the final period .
Isaiah Canaan had a third straight poor outing , managing only seven points , two assists and a rebound over 23 minutes .
DeMar DeRozan followed up with 23 points , although struggled shooting , going 8 - of - 26 from the field .
LaMarcus Aldridge finished with 19 points and 10 rebounds .
The Blazers will need to finish strong in order to surpass Denver for eighth in the West and a secure playoff spot .
They also scored a season high 122 points , thanks to 52 percent shooting from the field and 11 - of - 25 shooting from long range .
The Blazers ( 21 - 28 ) pulled off a wild 20 - 2 run to close out the first half , bringing the game within striking distance , as the back - and - forth ensued for the second half .
The Hornets ( 29 - 38 ) saw Jeremy Lamb , who drew the start for Nicolas Batum ( migraine ) , lead the way with 26 points , a total he supplemented with four rebounds , two assists and two steals .
Westbrook continues to lead the Thunder in scoring , rebounds , and assists 17 games into the season .
This was another very important victory for the Jazz , who have now won six of their last eight games , as they look to hold on to eighth place despite the Houston Rockets being hot on their tail .
The Celtics ( 31 - 18 ) have rode Isaiah Thomas ' ridiculous fourth quarter form all season and that was the recipe once again here .
Damian LIllard ( foot ) sat out a fourth consecutive game , but the all star point guard was not needed , as the Blazers won the second game of a difficult back - to - back .
Both teams play on Wednesday , as the Kings visit the Brooklyn Nets , while the Timberwolves host the Utah Jazz .
Orlando came into this game as a rare double - digit favorite and didn ’ t disappoint .
Jae Crowder was second on the team , with his 21 points and five boards .
The other key difference in Wednesday 's contest was three - point shooting .
These three are the core of this Detroit team and when they play like this , they are hard to beat .
The Sixers dropped to 1 - 22 and remain in last place in the Eastern_Conference 's Atlantic Division with the worst record in the league .
Hassan Whiteside was the best starter , as he accumulated 15 points , 11 rebounds , three assists and four blocks .
Miami amassed a total of 25 assists while Wade posted his second outstanding performance over the last four days .
Oklahoma_City has won six straight games , making a defining run following the return of their stars Kevin Durant and Russell Westbrook to the lineup two weeks ago .
He recorded a double - double in his third - straight game .
Russell Westbrook continues to step up in Durant 's absence .
Brandan Wright , who was recently acquired from the Dallas Mavericks , was traded to the Phoenix Suns on Friday .
Bradley Beal did n't have his best shooting performance , as he went 4 - for - 12 from the field and 2 - for - 5 from the three - point line , but he still finished with 12 points , five rebounds and four assists in 34 minutes .
Utah is missing some serious production with Derrick Favors and George Hill injured and it clearly hurt them here .
The Trail_Blazers won their third straight and eighth consecutive match against the Nuggets .
Coming off the bench , Tyler Zeller had a season - high 19 points , and pulled down seven rebounds .
Terrance Jones , who saw additional run with Davis sidelined , went for 15 points , eight rebounds , three assists and two blocks in 26 minutes off the bench .
Emmanuel Mudiay had the worst night with just four points on 2 - of - 12 shooting , though he did dish out seven assists .
The Mavericks will look to shake off this loss on Friday when they hosts the Clippers .
He also had six assists in 38 minutes in beating the NBA 's top team in either conference .
The Magic shot 55 percent on the night and destroyed the Pelicans in the paint , but were also incredibly efficient from beyond the arc , shooting 7 - of - 17 .
DeMar DeRozan endured a nightmarish evening from the field , shooting just 5 - of - 19 on the way to a 10 - point tally , which he complemented with three rebounds and two assists .
This was his first game since February tenth , so it was good to see there was n't much rust despite the lengthy absence .
Eric Bledsoe turned in a good game with 21 points , seven rebounds , eight assists , four steals and two blocks .
Los_Angeles did not have an answer for the remarkable stat line DeMarcus Cousins dropped on them , especially during the third quarter , as the Kings all - star center finished with 31 points , 16 rebounds , five assists , two steals and three blocks .
Denzel Valentine continued his recent stretch of solid play as a reserve with 11 points , five boards and two assists .
Detroit bounced back from Sunday 's loss to improve to 5 - 1 over its last six games .
The Jazz ( 2 - 2 ) notched their second straight victory after a slow 0 - 2 start to the regular season thanks in large part to the excellent play of their starting backcourt .
The Kings buckled down in the last two minutes , scoring four points straight to go from down by two , to up by two and hold on for the victory .
Notably , Gasol totaled only nine points , marking his third single - digit scoring night of the season .
While delivering this incredible offensive output , Gobert maintained the defensive excellence for which he is known .
Portland has been struggling recently and this is the last place you want to play in those instances .
Covington has been absolutely on fire from the three - point line , combining to go 11 - for - 17 from deep during his last two games alone .
Sixth man Eric Gordon , the league 's leading three - point shooter , had five threes .
Defensive rebounding was dominant for the Rockets as well , as they snatched down 40 defensive boards to Memphis ' 27 .
The Rockets ( 34 - 13 ) have been stifling teams with their rocket launcher mentality and dominating wins over teams like the Grizzlies show just how good they 've become .
Davis has flown under the radar in the Pelicans ' disappointing season , despite his impressive averages of 23 points , 11 rebounds , and 3 blocks per game .
The firing of coach Kevin McHale was a questionable decision and games like this make it look even more questionable .
Phoenix will return to action on Monday against a struggling Los_Angeles Clippers squad .
The double - double was his second of the year , bringing his season averages up to 19 points and 8 rebounds per game .
The 33 points were also a new season - high for the forward .
The host Houston Rockets narrowly took down the visiting Brooklyn Nets on Monday , 122 - 118 .
Oladipo recorded a career - high 45 points on spectacular 16 - 22 shooting from the field .
A few notable players had particularly dismal nights from the field .
The Golden_State Warriors ( 53 - 13 ) defeated the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 17 - 49 ) 108 - 105 on Monday at Oracle_Arena in Oakland .
While Thursday was a typically impressive 30 - point , seven - assist night for James Harden , the Rockets simply could not get the job done in multiple areas .
The Trail_Blazers currently hold the fourth spot in the Western_Conference , but have one less win than the Clippers and Spurs .
Rajon Rondo continued to stuff the stat sheet .
Marvin Williams , the Hornets ' sharpshooting big man , made it back after a one - game absence due to a knee injury , while the Pistons ' Kentavious Caldwell-Pope returned from his own one - game sabbatical that had been brought about by an illness .
Boston fell to 19 - 18 and remain in second place in the Eastern_Conference 's Atlantic Division , now four games behind the first - place Toronto Raptors .
That snapped a four - game losing streak for Utah and a hot six - game stretch for Denver Denver came into this game winning five of their last six and played well enough to win here .
The Grizzlies came into this game with a 7 - 2 road record , and look like a serious contender .
The Celtics may not have gotten the win , but they will certainly have momentum after forcing double OT against a historic team .
They clinched the two seed in the Western_Conference following the San Antonio Spurs ’ loss to the New Orleans Pelicans and will face the Dallas Mavericks in the first round of the playoffs .
The Clippers are the far superior team and they showed the Pelicans why they 're better .
Rose added seven rebounds and three assists to his stat line .
The Pistons ( 31 - 32 ) need to win some games to maintain the eight - seed in the East and a comeback like this can only give them momentum going forward .
Overall , the Nuggets were much more reminscent of the team that got off to a suprising 5 - 4 start , rather than the unit that stumbled their way through eight consecutive losses before Thursday .
After an ice - cold start to the season , second - year point guard Emmanuel Mudiay got things going in a big way on Sunday .
Greg Monroe double - doubled in a revenge game , as he totaled 18 points and 10 rebounds .
Gay had 20 points of his own , but also chipped in a season - high of 10 assists , giving him his second double - double of the year .
In his second game back from injury , Nikola Pekovic had 13 points and nine rebounds off the bench .
His five turnovers also matched a season - high .
The Warriors will try and continue their spectacular play when they take on the Bucks in Milwaukee on Saturday .
Next , the Nuggets host Dallas on Monday , in a game that can make or break either team 's playoff hopes .
For the seventh straight game , Cole Aldrich blocked at least one shot , swatting two in 19 minutes .
The Suns ( 15 - 34 ) , on the other hand , have struggled for the entire season .
Zach LaVine also had a nice game filling - in for Ricky Rubio , as he tallied 18 points and seven assists in the defeat .
Kent Bazemore did what he could off the bench to keep the Hawks in it , as he knocked down 22 points on a smooth 7 - 12 shooting night , including four three - pointers .
The Clippers return home to host the Knicks on Friday .
Jameer Nelson also found his stroke , shooting 4 - for - 6 from the field and 3 - for - 4 from beyond the arc to finish with 11 points and eight assists .
LeBron James added another triple - double to his tally , as he accumulated 18 points , 13 rebounds and 15 assists .
Alex Len followed with a remarkable double - double of his own , totaling 17 points , 15 boards , five assists and two blocks .
Reigning MVP Steph Curry , meanwhile , struggled a bit from the field .
Festus Ezeli put up a double double consisting of 11 points and 11 rebounds in only 17 minutes off the bench .
Golden_State swept the season series against Milwaukee 20 .
Mason Plumlee added a double - double , tallying 17 points and 11 rebounds .
Anthony finished with a game - high 29 points ( 12 - 25 FG , 3 - 6 3Pt , 2 - 4 FT ) and is slowly creeping his season average back to where he normally is at .
The host Utah Jazz beat the visiting Los_Angeles Lakers on Friday , 96 - 89 .
The Spurs were once again without Tim Duncan ( knee ) , who should return to the lineup on Tuesday , and the effects are beginning to take notice .
All-Star and team leader Isaiah Thomas scored a team - high 31 points on 10 - of - 20 shooting while dishing out five assists .
Since they Wolves swept the season series , the Knicks hold the inside track for the best chance of landing the first overall selection .
Alex Len knocked down 20 points on a clean 7 - 10 shooting night , blocked three shots , and notched a double - double with 14 rebounds .
With the loss to Portland , the Bucks have now dropped six of their last seven contests .
The Hawks ' struggles did n't show on Friday , as they secured a decisive victory on the backs of their starting five 's solid offensive output .
The Suns played with some fire here for the first time in quite a while and the future is bright even though the present is dark .
The Hawks made their presence felt down low , outrebounding the Raptors , 44 - 28 , and outscoring them in the paint , 62 - 46 .
Hairston ( ankle ) returned to action , Marvin Williams suffered a shoulder injury that forced him out of Wednesday 's game .
Arron Afflalo did n't have his best night from the field , as he went only 4 - for - 12 from the field and 0 - for - 3 from the three - point line to finish with nine points .
The Utah Jazz ( 31 - 37 ) held off the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 17 - 50 ) 80 - 73 on Thursday at the Staples_Center .
The Bulls grabbed 53 rebounds , a testament to the intensity and focus that they maintained throughout the game .
It was a memorable night for Phoenix guard Eric Bledsoe , who scored a game - high 40 points and recorded a double - double on Sunday .
Rodney Stuckey returned Friday after missing Wednesday 's game with a sore groin .
This marked a huge win for the Pacers , who are now tied with the Boston Celtics for the eighth and final projected playoff seed in the Eastern_Conference standings .
The neck - and - neck tilt needed all four quarters up until the last few possessions to decide a winner , one in which the Suns ( 13 - 28 ) were able to hang around given Eric Bledsoe 's 31 points , which was good to lead all scorers .
Whiteside has accepted the penalty , telling the media that he knows that `` actions like that kill my career .
DeMarcus Cousins was limited to a 19 - point , 10 - rebound double - double .
Detroit 's third big scorer was a more surprising one , as Kentavious Caldwell-Pope got his shot to fall on Wednesday , scoring 20 points ( 8 - 14 FG , 4 - 6 3Pt ) .
Playing without Iman Shumpert ( shoulder ) and J.R. Smith ( plantar fascitis ) on Sunday , the Knicks struggled , shooting just 37 percent from the field and 31 percent from beyond the arc .
Since then , Wade has shot just 14 - of - 33 from the field ( 42 percent ) and 1 - of - 6 from behind the arc .
The Boston Celtics defeated the Dallas Mavericks , 90 - 83 , at TD_Garden on Wednesday .
Johnson hit just 10 total shots from behind the arc in all 79 of his court appearances last season .
New_Orleans has had to play many games without Anthony Davis , but this may have been their best performance .
Darren Collison led the Kings ' scorers with 17 points , to go with two boards and five assists .
San_Antonio has beaten the likes of Golden State , Memphis , Dallas , and Oklahoma_City ( twice ) during its current win streak .
Chicago outscored Denver 32 to 18 in the third quarter , but the Nuggets outscored the Bulls 42 - 21 over the last 12 minutes .
The Rockets came into this game winners of four of their last five games and half a game ahead of the eighth place Dallas Mavericks , while the Clippers came in losers of three of their last four , but just a few wins away from clinching a playoff spot .
Al-Farouq Aminu came off the bench to accrue 23 points and six rebounds .
The host Los_Angeles Lakers blew out the Sacramento Kings , 115 - 95 , in the final game of the regular season .
Both teams play at home on Monday , as the Warriors will welcome the New_Orleans Pelicans ( 24 - 41 ) , while the Suns play the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 21 - 45 ) .
The Nets avenged the 120 - 95 drubbing by the Celtics on Friday with the help of solid production from their starting five .
The Warriors have a white - knuckle grip on the top seed in the and also own the best record in all of the NBA this season .
It was his second solid showing in a row , as he 's combined for 32 points on 14 - of - 30 shooting from the floor .
The Knicks have lost four of their last five coming into this game and things just keep rolling downhill .
Reigning MVP Kevin Durant sat out of Thursday 's game , giving Perry Jones another opportunity to start .
Things heated up a little too late for the Magic , as the team won four of its last five before Wednesday 's contest .
Al Jefferson ( knee ) , Michael Kidd-Gilchrist ( ankle ) , Lance Stephenson ( toe ) and Cody Zeller ( ankle ) all missed Friday 's game with injuries .
The Magic were playing their second game in as many days , coming off a win over the Miami Heat on Monday .
Charlotte , despite the loss , has begun to turn things around after a horrendous start to the new year .
Ray McCallum continues to see starting minutes , and although his shot selection was iffy ( nine points on 3 - of - 10 shooting ) , he did complete seven assists and add two steals .
Gordon finished with six points , four rebounds and five assists in 33 minutes , continuing to play the passive game he adopted coming into the season .
He 's had two impressive games in a row , combining for 48 points , 15 assists and five steals over that span .
Chicago has had their own injury issues of late , with Derrick Rose ( knee ) , Jimmy Butler ( elbow ) and Taj Gibson ( ankle ) all sidelined .
The Blazers ( 26 - 35 ) are battling for the eight - seed in the west and this win was much needed against some poor competition .
The Bucks ( 24 - 30 ) have now won two - straight , as they hope this is the start of a big run .
Meanwhile , Nikola Mirotic made the most of his starting role as well , as he tallied a game - high 28 points to go along with five boards , two assists , three steals and one block .
He 's managed a 9 - for - 16 tally from beyond the arc and has averaged 28 points , pacing the Cavs in scoring in both of their contests .
Tuesday 's match was an exhibition of the young talent that Los_Angeles ( 7 - 5 ) has , as third - year forward Julius Randle and sophomore point guard D'Angelo Russell helped guide the team to victory .
The Christmas Day schedule tipped off with an overtime thriller showcasing some of the NBA ’ s biggest stars .
The Bulls literally stole one from the Kings , as Dwyane Wade came up with two huge steals in the last minute to seal the deal for Chicago .
The Rockets ( 53 - 24 ) took down the Thunder ( 42 - 35 ) 115 - 112 at the Chesapeake_Energy_Arena on Sunday .
However , Wall answered the bell and shook off the ankle tweak to post his fifth straight double - double performance .
The Miami Heat defeated the host Cleveland Cavaliers , 106 - 98 , at Quicken_Loans_Arena on Monday .
The Mavericks ( 2 - 8 ) checked into Wednesday scoring the third - least points per game in the league ( 95 ) , and that trend would rear its ugly head yet again against a Boston squad that was ranked in the bottom 10 in points allowed .
Valanciunas added five rebounds and a steal to his team - high scoring total .
Andrew Wiggins proved again why he was the number one overall selection in last summer 's draft , as well as how much his game has matured since the beginning of the season .
The Pacers ( 33 - 31 ) have had difficulty finding any measure of consistency overall , with one notable exception - - their performance at home .
Pau Gasol ( 14 points , 10 rebounds and five assists ) and Nikola Mirotic ( 18 points , 10 rebounds and five assists ) , both finished with double - doubles to round out the all around effort from the Bulls .
Marc Gasol struggled to get anything going Monday , as he scored just nine points on 4 - of - 9 shooting to go with seven rebounds and has failed to score in double figures in two of his last three games .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 44 - 17 ) defeated the visiting Boston Celtics ( 38 - 26 ) 120 - 103 , Saturday night at Quicken_Loans_Arena .
Love set an NBA-record with 34 first - quarter points , going 8 - of - 11 from three - point range .
Allen Crabbe was the best player off the bench , as he accumulated nine points , five rebounds and three assists .
Detroit will look to stay alive on Friday in a road matchup against the Houston Rockets .
Allen Crabbe led all scorers with 26 points on 8 - of - 15 shooting , and C.J .
The Charlotte Hornets ( 11 - 24 ) had revenge on the mind after losing the previous two contests against the Orlando Magic ( 13 - 24 ) .
Chris Copeland continued to score in bunches , as he had another 17 points Wednesday .
He put up a career - high 42 points in 42 minutes , shooting 15 - of - 31 from the field .
Oklahoma_City made some major moves at the trade deadline and a near wire - to - wire win is all they could ask for coming out of the All-Star break .
The Clippers are as injured as anyone right now and a 26 - point loss shows just how bad their struggling .
Dwight Howard made his return to the Rockets lineup after missing 25 games to injury .
No starter logged more than 25 minutes on the floor as eight reserves got into the game .
The Nets ( 8 - 26 ) continue to falter on the defensive end , as this 121 - point let up adds to their long list of defensive lapses .
Skal Labissiere continued his recent stretch of strong play with 13 points , four rebounds and one assist .
The controversy surrounded him backing out of signing with Dallas following a verbal commitment during the NBA 's free agency moratorium period .
The Oklahoma_City Thunder defeated the Los_Angeles Lakers , 110 - 93 , at Chesapeake_Energy_Arena on Friday .
Westbrook finished with 20 points , 13 rebounds and 15 assists on 6 - of - 8 shooting , in the all around dominant performance .
The Indiana Pacers demolished the visiting Brooklyn Nets , 118 - 97 , at Bankers Life Field House on Friday .
Meanwhile , Milwaukee came in as losers of five straight , and opted to shake up their starting five in advance of their tilt with Boston .
This was one of their best team efforts of the season , as six different players scored between 13 and 19 points .
Zach LaVine endured a difficult shooting night as his 3 - for - 14 tally led to an eight - point effort .
There were some eye - popping stats here , as the Nuggets outrebounded the Rockets 52 - 26 in the victory .
Dennis Schroder managed to add 17 points , eight assists and six rebounds , but the other three Atlanta starters scored a combined 12 points , with starting small forward Kent Bazemore failing to score a single point .
The Houston Rockets defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers , 117 - 112 , at Toyota_Center on Sunday .
His frontcourt mate , Roy Hibbert , only garnered 19 minutes one night removed from logging 35 on a sprained ankle .
After playing all five starters 35 - plus minutes in the opener , the Magic were clearly tired here .
The Pacers ( 27 - 22 ) came in to Friday 's game heading in the right direction , as they 'd tallied four straight victories .
The Blazers solidified the 5 - seed in the Western_Conference playoffs after their win over the Nuggets and it came on the back of Damian Lillard .
DeMar DeRozan was the player of the game , as he accumulated 22 points , three rebounds and four assists .
The veteran Pierce had his fair share of struggles , converting just 3 - of - 15 field goals .
Both teams play on Tuesday , with the Pacers returning home to face the undefeated Golden_State Warriors ( 210 ) , while the Jazz visit the Sacramento Kings ( 7 - 14 ) .
Veteran center Marc Gasol , who Towns has called his toughest matchup , made this no easy feat , however , recording four blocks to go along with 18 points .
Both teams play the second game of a back - to - back on Friday , as the Spurs visit the Portland Trail_Blazers , while the Clippers host the Dallas Mavericks .
He 's played very well lately , combining for 40 points and 30 rebounds over his last two games .
The Suns got a brilliant performance from Eric Bledsoe on Sunday , but got very little aside from that .
Alex Len played a career - high 32 minutes and finished with 10 points and 11 rebounds to record the first double - double of his NBA career .
Reigning MVP Steph Curry , meanwhile , had an uncharacteristic poor shooting night .
Lamb finished the game with a season - high 18 points and a career - high 17 rebounds .
DeMarcus Cousins tallied a triple - double as the all - star did everything he could to keep his squad in the game .
Portland was playing in the second half of a back - to - back here and it was clearly evident through their poor play .
Aldridge sat out the last two games with an ankle injury , so it was good to see the ninth - year forward finish the game without any setbacks .
Rajon Rondo returned to the starting lineup after serving a one - game suspension for conduct detrimental to the team .
The NBA 's top team in terms of three - point percentage also upheld their standard with 12 successful treys , including five more from the fingertips of Kyle Korver .
Boston ( 7 - 6 ) was missing the defensive presences of Jae Crowder and Al Horford , but both players made their returns here from a nine - game absence .
Meanwhile , this marks the fourth loss in the last five games for the Sixers ( 23 - 39 ) .
Bazemore totaled 25 points , six rebounds and three assists , and drained four of his six three - point attempts .
The Lakers ( 16 - 32 ) have really struggled over the last two months and this 49 - point loss may be the low point .
The only other Buck in double figures was OJ Mayo , who came off the bench for 11 points ( 4 - 12 FG , 1 - 5 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) The Cavaliers ' next game will be at home against the Boston Celtics on Friday , while the Bucks will travel to New_York to play the Knicks on Friday .
Monta Ellis was relatively quiet on the scoring front by his standards , but still made notable contributions across the stat sheet .
Brook Lopez scored 20 of his own and capped off his night with the game - winner in overtime .
Marcus Smart made a second straight start at point guard , but he played just 14 minutes .
Leonard added 12 rebounds and tied a career - high with seven assists .
Monday saw the Bulls ' highest total yet , as they edged out the Nets 58 - 45 on the glass .
The Clippers played one of their best defensive games of the season in a statement win .
However , his return Friday provided a definitive spark , as he posted a game - high 28 points , along with five assists and three rebounds .
Rajon Rondo ( Achilles ) and Tyson Chandler ( ankle ) sat out with injuries .
However , the Clippers ( 12 - 2 ) battled back steadily over the final three quarters , but most definitively in the fourth , where they out - scored the Bulls 30 - 18 .
Rondae Holiis-Jefferson was the Nets best player , as he tallied 16 points and 10 rebounds .
The host Utah Jazz took down the Los_Angeles Clippers in a key game on Monday , 114 - 108 .
The host Oklahoma_City Thunder defeated the visiting Los_Angeles Lakers on Sunday , 113 - 96 .
The Suns were blown out in their home opener , but showed some resiliency here .
In an attempt to shake matters up , head coach Fred Hoiberg opted to reinsert the mercurial Rajon Rondo into the starting lineup and bring Nikola Mirotic back into the rotation , with moves key to the road victory .
The Jazz out - scored the Lakers in every quarter by at least eight points , as they cruised to the 48 - point , home victory .
Draymond Green totaled 12 points , eight rebounds , four assists , three steals and one block before leaving the game with an ankle contusion .
The Nets ( 7 - 17 ) came into Wednesday 's matchup as losers of five of their last six games , but were able to pull out a victory thanks to a pair of great performances from their starting wings .
Both teams came into the game heading in opposite directions , making the final result all the more improbable .
The problem with this team all year has been its defense and a 120 - point outing certainly wo n't help those numbers .
Jimmy Butler continued his sparkling play , as he dropped 26 points on 10 - of - 15 shooting .
They also dominated the paint , out - scoring the Lakers 50 - 30 inside .
Chicago 's leading scorer this season , Jimmy Butler finished with 17 points in 43 minutes .
Kyle Lowry stepped up in their absences , as he accumulated 25 points , 11 assists and four rebounds in just 28 minutes of action .
The Grizzlies continue to falter and this loss dropped them to the six - seed in the west .
The Spurs have been struggling as of late , losing their four games previous to Friday 's win over the Kings , who were without DeMarcus Cousins due to hip and ankle injuries .
DeRozan added four assists and four rebounds to his game - high scoring total .
The Bucks suffered a second straight loss despite every member of the starting five scoring in double digits .
When Wade is playing like this , the Heat are a hard team to beat .
Derrick Rose missed a third straight game with a hamstring injury .
Detroit ( 26 - 29 ) has shown signs of picking up , as the team is now 5 - 2 in its last seven games .
He continued to shoot well after not missing a shot on Sunday against the Miami Heat .
On deck for Memphis is a home matchup against the Houston Rockets on Friday .
LaMarcus Aldridge contributed 26 points and 14 rebounds of his own .
Jeremy Lamb followed from the bench with 17 points , four rebounds , an assist and a block .
Jabari Parker was second on the team with his 22 points on 8 - of - 14 shooting .
The Clippers host the Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 42 - 18 ) on Thursday , while the Nets play the second game of a back - to - back and stay in Los_Angeles to face the Lakers ( 11 - 49 ) on Tuesday .
Paul Pierce used the extra rest he received after being ejected in the Wizards ' previous game and went off for 17 points and five rebounds on 5 - for - 10 shooting from the field and 3 - for - 5 shooting from beyond the arc .
It was a season - best night for forward Jae Crowder as well , as he shot 8 - of - 13 from the field and 3 - of - 5 from three - point range en route to a season - high 25 points .
Utah ( 8 - 8 ) have made their bread and butter off their defense and it was at its best in this win .
LaMarcus Aldridge was second on the team , accumulating 23 points , eight rebounds and six assists on 11 - of - 16 shooting .
It was not Harden 's best outing , however , as the superstar shot just 6 - of - 24 and had six turnovers .
Los_Angeles sent the Thunder to the charity stripe 29 times , with the Thunder converting 22 of their attempts .
Cousins did not let the frustration carry over to the court , however , as he continued his consistently strong play .
Karl-Anthony Towns had yet another productive night as well , scoring 26 points and grabbing eight rebounds , but besides those two , Minnesota failed to get much else offensively from their team .
This was a domination in every fashion for the Thunder , as they recorded more assists , rebounds , steals and blocks than the Suns in the victory .
However , their efforts to possibly vault into that slot by night 's end - - and keep their two - game winning streak alive in the process - - were going to have to be carried out without their emerging two - guard , Kentavious Caldwell-Pope , who was forced to miss the game with an illness .
The team has won just two games in its last 11 contests and saw an embarrassing loss at home on Wednesday .
Boy do the Thunder enjoy having Kevin Durant back .
Rookie sensation , Karl Anthony-Towns , continued the strong start to his rookie campaign with 21 points , 12 boards , and an impressive six blocks in 37 minutes .
Barnes scored a team - high 31 points on 12 - of - 20 shooting while coming away with four rebounds .
The Lakers built a 97 - 73 lead after three quarters , helping them coast to a double - digit road victory .
The Hawks managed to shoot even worse than the Timberwolves , going an abysmal 31 - 82 ( 37 % ) from the field , including 8 - 32 from deep .
Houston was coming off a tough 109 - 98 loss at home to Portland on Sunday , but was able to bounce back in Phoenix .
Miami fell just short of winning a season - high sixth straight game , as they dropped the first game of a three - game road trip .
Gay scored a game - high 25 points , giving him back - to - back games with over 20 points .
The team also combined for an incredible 31 assists on 44 made baskets and that 's a Warriors-esque stat .
Allen Crabbe returned to his bench role and added nine points and six rebounds , while C.J .
The Thunder will go on the road and play the Los_Angeles Clippers on Thursday , while the Trail_Blazers will travel to Sacramento to play the Kings on Friday .
LaVine put in the most impressive line , as he accumulated 21 points , nine rebounds and four assists in one of his best games of the season .
Miami is on a two - game losing streak , but their struggles against the Hawks were explainable with Dwyane Wade sitting out with a minor hamstring injury .
Otto Porter , Jr. went through a rough stretch on offense earlier in December , but has been coming on as of late , and his resurgence culminated Monday in explosive fashion against the Bucks ( 14 - 15 ) .
In what was a great game to watch , the Timberwolves just could n't steal one on the road .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 37 - 8 ) extended their franchise - record winning streak to 16 games Sunday , defeating the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 7 - 36 ) 112 - 100 .
Their magic number to clinch a playoff berth is one game .
After two straight games playing less than 10 minutes , he made a statement with the extra playing time he received .
Towns , the first overall pick in the 2015 draft , has been electric so far this season , and has made a strong case for Rookie of the Year , averaging 16 points , 10 rebounds , and 2 blocks per game .
Spencer Hawes missed his ninth straight game with a bone bruise in his knee , and while some reports suggest he 's close to returning , if George Hill 's bone bruise in his knee was any clue , Hawes could miss considerably more time .
This marks the sixth straight win for the Warriors ( 37 - 6 ) , as they remain comfortably at the top of the West .
Despite having several players playing through a stomach virus , the Grizzlies were able to claim their 11th win of the season .
The triple - double was Westbrook 's sixth of the season , and his 18 assists were the NBA 's single - game season high thus far .
Shooting guard Seth Curry sat out of action again due to injury , leaving a depleted Mavs team to take on the scorching - hot Clippers .
Eric Bledsoe was the Suns best player , accumulating 31 points , six rebounds and eight assists .
On deck for Orlando is a road matchup with a scorching - hot Miami Heat team on Monday .
Nikola Pekovic made his return Wednesday night , after being out since the middle of November with an ankle injury .
Jordan Clarkson continued his impressive play as he scored 20 points on 6 - 12 shooting .
Derrick Rose was the player of the game , as he collected 27 points , four rebounds and six assists on 12 - of - 17 from the field .
The weak showing from the Los_Angeles starters sank their hopes of pulling out a win against their rivals , and have now dropped five of their last seven games .
The Raptors have done well to keep opponents to an average of 98 points per game this season , and after a couple of sloppy performances surrounding the All-Star break , proved that they are back in their defensive groove as they held the Knicks to 95 points .
The No . 2 overall pick in the draft fired six 3 - pointers , but only managed to hit one of them , while the streaky Nick Young provided 13 points off the bench on 4 - for - 6 shooting .
Manu Ginobili shot a convincing 5 - 7 from the field , as well as 3 - 3 from deep , on his was to 17 points , in only 18 minutes .
The Kings have been a pleasant surprise to this point in the 2014 season , but lost one on the road to a Thunder team who is dealing with all kinds of injury issues .
The Suns ( 20 - 42 ) came into this game tied for the worst record in the west , so this win is a mixed result .
Despite coming off the bench for his third straight game following a minor calf injury , Avery Bradley still was able to have some decent production .
Zach Randolph hit his second three - pointer of the season .
The Phoenix Suns ( 13 - 29 ) saw their woes continue on Sunday after being blown out 117 - 87 by the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 13 - 29 ) .
Jonas Valanciunas scored 21 points , first time since March 4th , and played 36 minutes , first time since February 23rd .
This figure comes on the heels of a 2015 - 16 season in which the Spurs became just the second team ever to win 40 regular season games at home .
Portland had their nine - game win streak snapped with this loss .
He also added three blocks and a sole assist , which came on Butler 's game - winning shot .
However , Curry shot just 3 - of - 9 from beyond the arc , continuing his stretch of abnormally poor three - point shooting .
He 's had a very successful streak of two games , combining for 49 points and seven rebounds over that span of time .
Steph Curry 's 26 points and seven assists were n't enough to help overcome his teammates ' poor shooting performances .
The Bucks shot a brutal 4 - 15 ( 27 percent ) from three - point range and could n't capitalize on Boston 's poor shooting from deep .
DeMarcus Cousins fell an assist shy of a triple - double , as he collected 32 points , 12 rebounds and nine assists .
He came off the bench here and scored 14 points in 20 minutes , but he should be at full force in weeks to come .
LaVine went for a season - high 26 points to go along with six rebounds and four assists .
Joakim Noah recorded a 15 - point , 16 - rebound double - double in the loss .
Overall , Tuesday was a night the Nuggets would like to forget .
DeMar DeRozan and Terrence Ross combined for a whopping 55 points on 17 - of - 28 shooting , helping lead the Raptors to outstanding 51 and 56 percent success rates from the field and three - point range , respectively .
They hauled in 53 rebounds , while also doubling up Los_Angeles in the paint , 44 - 22 .
The Mavericks will return home to host the Detroit Pistons on Wednesday .
Jahlil Okafor and T.J. McConnell drew starts in place of Joel Embiid ( elbow ) and Sergio Rodriguez ( illness ) , combining for 26 points on 12 - of - 18 shooting .
The recent form of these teams would indicate a Miami blowout , but that simply was n't the case in this close - fought battle .
Bench big man Joffrey Lauvergne , a former Nugget , contributed 15 points off the bench .
The Knicks ( 26 - 38 ) had announced earlier in the day that Carmelo Anthony would sit out the second game of the back - to - back set with knee soreness , which created a domino effect that saw rookie Ron Baker enter the starting five .
With 12 points Jordan Clarkson was the only other player in double figures for the Lakers , who have missed the playoffs a franchise - high three straight seasons .
Memphis is coming off a tough overtime loss to the Utah Jazz on Saturday , where point guard Mike Conley ( back ) played 41 minutes on a sore back .
The Mavericks ( 10 - 24 ) came in to Tuesday 's contest with only nine wins on the season , but five of those had come at home .
Goran Dragic , Dwyane Wade and Luol Deng all scored at least 17 points in their win as well .
He put up 17 points and 13 rebounds in 38 minutes Wednesday .
He 's turned it on during his last two games , combining for 34 points and 12 rebounds .
Orlando put a stop to their four - game losing streak with the win .
Trevor Ariza played an impressive all - around game , managing 31 points , five rebounds , three assists , a team - high three steals and a block .
There were some fun moments , as Dirk Nowitzki turned back the clock to dunk and record a block in this game .
In injury news , Tobias Harris sat out his second consecutive game with a sprained ankle .
James continues to make his case for the MVP Award while allowing Irving to shine as well .
If the Pacers fall to the Grizzlies , they ’ ll relinquish their playoff spot to the Nets .
However , the All-Star also turned the ball over five times , an issue he has had consistently throughout the season .
There have been some lopsided matchups between these teams recently , but this one was incredibly close .
Eric Bledsoe did all he could to keep the Suns hanging around , as he accumulated 32 points , three rebounds and eight assists .
Zaza Pachulia recorded an 11 - point , 12 - rebound double - double , as the only regular starter to feature for the Warriors .
The lack of bench production has been a problem this season for Oklahoma_City , and after 22 games , they may have finally found a solution that has been sitting on the bench the entire time .
For Phoenix , meanwhile , Devin Booker continued his strong play .
On Sunday , the Celtics staved off a late comeback effort from the Knicks .
As for Indiana , it was a forgettable shooting night for them in every aspect of the game .
In addition to those negative stats , the Thunder came into this game having won 20 of their last 24 games and boasting a very strong home record .
The team was able to hit 17 three - pointers on the night , just a game after hitting 21 on an NBA-record 50 attempts .
Factoring in Tuesday 's production , the sixth - year pro has a stellar 54 percent ( 15 - for - 28 ) success rate from behind the arc over the first four games .
The reigning league MVP shot 5 - for - 16 from the 3 - point line and passed his father , Dell Curry ( 1,245 ) , on the all time 3 - point field goals list .
His team - best 29 points were also a season high , easily surpassing the 18 he tallied in the opener against the Hawks .
Teague himself tallied his second double - double in three contests , dishing out 11 assists in the process .
The Golden_State Warriors defeated the Chicago Bulls , 123 - 92 , on Wednesday at Oracle_Arena .
The James Harden Experiment at point guard had been an unqualified success over the first four games of the season , and Wednesday was yet another testament to its efficacy .
The Lakers smoked Golden_State in terms of shooting , hitting nine three - pointers to the Warrior 's four , and shooting an efficient 47 percent from the field .
The Atlanta Hawks defeated the host Orlando Magic , 111 - 92 , at Amway_Center on Wednesday .
Rodney Stuckey played his second straight game as the starting point guard , tallying 14 points with three assists and four steals .
Shelvin Mack was the final Hawk to score in double figures , scoring 14 points on 5 - of - 10 shooting in 21 minutes off the bench .
Sunday 's earliest game got off to a sluggish start , especially for the Wizards .
Noah Vonleh tallied 12 points , four boards , two steals and two blocks and Allen Crabbe matched his scoring total off the bench while also registering two assists , one rebound and one steal .
The Bulls got off to a hot start Monday , outscoring the Nets 38 - 20 in the first quarter .
Rondae Hollis-Jefferson matched Lin 's point total and added nine rebounds , one assist and one block .
Truly , an impressive shooting exhibition all - around .
Anthony Davis made his return to the line up after missing two games with a bruised back .
The Boston Celtics defeated the Miami Heat , 117 - 114 , at TD_Garden on Friday .
The Houston Rockets ( 39 - 41 ) steamrolled the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 16 - 64 ) Sunday afternoon at Toyota_Center , 130 - 110 .
The Grizzlies are banged up , but they are still finding ways to pull out tough victories and hold on to the 5 - seed in the Western_Conference .
The Magic actually outscored the Lakers by 16 in the first quarter , while recording a franchise - record nine blocks .
In a battle of two of the worst defenses in the NBA , the offenses played poorly .
Carmelo Anthony added 19 points of his own , but shot just 4 - of - 17 from the field , as shooting struggles plagued the entire team .
Jimmy Butler has endured an injury - riddled second half of the season , and the ailments have admittedly affected his play .
DeMar DeRozan led all scorers with 34 points , and added six rebounds , five assists , two steals and two blocks .
The Raptors head to Los_Angeles on Monday night to take on the Clippers , while the Kings remain home to face off with the OKC Thunder on Wednesday evening .
The Heat outscored Denver 31 - 18 in the fourth , ending the game comfortably in the lead .
After missing the team 's previous game Saturday against the Warriors as part of his schedule to rest during the second game of back - to - backs , Carmelo Anthony left Monday 's contest with a knee injury .
While the Suns had Isaiah Thomas return to action Friday in their 105 - 103 loss to the Detroit Pistons , the team also played without Goran Dragic on Sunday , as he was forced to sit out with a lower - back strain .
All five Miami starters scored in double figures , with Goran Dragic ( 18 points ) and Chris Bosh ( 16 points ) supporting Wade ’ s performance with strong outings of their own .
With superstar Kawhi Leonard ( quad ) out , San_Antonio posted its worst offensive night of the season on Monday .
Darren Collison led the Kings scorers with 17 points , to go with two boards and five assists .
After shooting 9 - for - 26 over the previous two contests , the Greek Freak drained 10 of 13 shots from the field and Milwaukee shot 55 percent from the field overall .
In fact , besides Davis and Holiday , who combined to shoot 56 percent from the field , the team shot a poor 18 - of - 41 ( 44 percent ) from the field overall .
Cleanthony Early played a team - low 15 minutes in his return to the lineup , missing the previous three games due to an ankle sprain .
The host Los_Angeles Lakers took down the Minnesota Timberwolves on Friday , 130 - 119 .
The Mavericks dominated the second half though , out - scoring the Nets 59 - 47 , to take their fourth straight win and get one step closer to that coveted eighth spot in the West .
The victory ended what was a four - game losing streak and came after the team had lost 11 of their previous 13 games .
The numbers were far from abnormal for Harden , however , as `` The Beard `` ranks fifth in the NBA in scoring and first in assists .
The Grizzlies have sat comfortably at fifth in the Western_Conference for the majority of the season , and Thursday 's win only solidifies the team 's spot in the rankings .
However , on occasions when the star forward is n't quite on his A-game , there are still plenty of other options for Indiana to fall back on .
Star Gordon Hayward and bench contributor Alec Burks remain sidelined by injury , while star Derrick Favors is still struggling following a knee injury that kept him out during the preseason .
The Clippers look likely to continue this success , as they host the Brooklyn Nets for their next game on Monday .
As for the Hawks ( 32 - 24 ) , it was the final game of their three - game West-coast road trip , and it resulted in a fairly lackluster effort from the team .
DeAndre Jordan tallied a 12 - point , 11 - rebound double - double that also included three steals and a block .
DeAndre Jordan tallied a 12 - point , 11 - rebound double - double that also included three steals and a block .
Hassan Whiteside played 41 minutes off the bench and scored 19 points , grabbed 18 rebounds and blocked six shots .
Nicolas Batum was n't too far behind , scoring 21 points in 43 minutes .
David West got the nod in Duncan ’ s absence , but is far from as efficient to the five time champions .
With Derrick Rose sitting with a sore hamstring , Aaron Brooks showed he had the hot hand early despite yielding the start to Kirk Hinrich , and ended up playing a robust 41 minutes .
LeBron James passed Dominique Wilkins to become the 12th highest scoring player in NBA history as the Cleveland Cavaliers ( 53 - 22 ) defeated the visiting Brooklyn Nets ( 21 - 54 ) 107 - 87 , Thursday evening at Quicken_Loans_Arena .
The Jazz ( 5 - 3 ) learned earlier in the day that standout point guard George Hill would miss the game with the sprained thumb that has been bothering him for the last couple of days , leaving Shelvin Mack and Dante Exum to soak up most of the minutes in his stead .
Cleveland 's 81 - point first half fell just shy of a franchise - records for both teams .
Evans was able to play Wednesday and he dropped 28 points , seven assists , two steals and one block in 38 minutes on the Rockets .
Kristaps Prozingis remained consistent and finished with 11 points and seven rebounds on 5 - 11 shooting , including some sweet post work against the Cavs interior .
The Houston Rockets defeated the host Brooklyn Nets , 137 - 112 , at Barclay 's Center on Sunday .
The Bulls had to play this game without Pau Gasol , Joakim Noah and Nikola Mirotic and it was obvious they missed all of them equally .
Durant paired the impressive points total with 11 rebounds and four blocked shots , contributing to the Thunder 's impressive 15 total blocks .
The Rockets ( 5 - 4 ) planned to win this game through pace , but it led to some inefficiencies on the offensive end .
On deck for the Nets is a road matchup against the Toronto Raptors .
Kristaps Porzingis made a somewhat surprising return to the starting lineup after missing the previous two games with an ankle injury , and did so at center , where Joakim Noah remains out following a procedure to clear out loose bodies in his left knee .
On Thursday , Nurkic scored 19 points to go along with 11 rebounds and blocked three shots .
Clint Capela was the third Rockets starter to accomplish the feat , posting 17 points and 10 rebounds .
Lou Williams , a new addition to the Rockets ' roster , scored a team - high 28 points off the bench .
The Spurs are now on a four - game winning streak and have won eight of nine .
Jae Crowder was second on the team in scoring , totaling 18 points , six rebounds and two steals .
Monta Ellis had 19 points on the night , but that came on 7 - of - 21 shooting from the floor - - including 0 - for - 7 from beyond the arc .
He had a very poor shooting performance ( 3 - 13 FG , 0 - 2 3Pt ) in Sunday 's game against the Milwaukee Bucks , so it was good to see him get back over 50 percent for his shooting percentage Wednesday .
Thomas Robinson has played just two minutes total this season and was not used at all in the Blazers ' second game , a dubious development following the team 's decision not to pickup Robinson 's 2014 - 15 option on his contract earlier this week .
Another one of those four , sophomore Nikola Jokic , had 17 points and 14 rebounds off the bench .
Eric Bledsoe put in another all - around great performance though , as he tallied 29 points , seven rebounds and six assists in the defeat .
The Timberwolves overcame an 18 - point deficit on February 10th , to defeat the Raptors in Minnesota but the Raptors would not allow a repeat , especially not on their home turf , where their record is now a solid 20 - 6 .
DeMar DeRozan followed with 18 points , five rebounds , three assists and one steal .
James Harden was a monster , as he accumulated 51 points , 13 rebounds and 13 assists en route to a triple - double .
Both teams will take the road on Friday , with the Grizzlies visiting Dallas and the Clippers seeing Sacramento .
J.J. Redick registered 13 points and Luc Mbah_a_Moute had a rare offensive outburst by his standards , totaling 12 points .
He 's been filling up the stat sheet lately , combining for 20 points , 15 rebounds and 18 assists over his last two games .
Golden_State will look to bounce - back against the Houston Rockets on Thursday .
In his first game as a Rocket , Lou Williams posted a team - high 27 points in just 25 minutes off the bench .
Willie Cauley-Stein played only five minutes after being questionable to play due to illness .
The Spurs will visit Cleveland on Saturday , while Denver will host the Los_Angeles Clippers .
On deck for the Jazz is a road matchup against the Oklahoma_City Thunder on Tuesday .
The Los_Angeles Lakers ( 17 - 46 ) defeated the Detroit Pistons ( 23 - 40 ) 93 - 85 on Monday at the Staples_Center in Los_Angeles .
Bismack Biyombo filled - in admirably for Valanciunas as he double - doubled in a 12 - point , 13 - rebound outing .
Cleveland ( 29 - 11 ) had won four straight against the Warriors prior to Monday 's game .
Utah , meanwhile , is struggling to remain healthy despite the season having barely begun .
The Minnesota Timberwolves ( 112 - 111 ) overcame a double - digit deficit on the road Wednesday to defeat the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 0 - 1 ) 112 - 111 .
Wednesday , the former Duke standout shot just 11 - of - 23 from the field ( 48 percent ) and it was his third straight game shooting under 50 percent from the field and has failed to reach the mark in eight of his last 10 games overall .
In has n't been the prettiest 19th season for 38 - year - old power forward Dirk Nowitzki , and his performance in Monday 's loss against the Thunder was yet another example of that .
Both clubs came into the night long eliminated from the playoff picture , but still playing competitive basketball .
The blueprints of the Magic ( 2 - 3 ) and Kings ( 2 - 4 ) were both on display Thursday , and Orlando showed why it 's sometimes better to have a collection of above - average players than a top - heavy attack heavily focused on one superstar talent .
Allen Crabbe earned the start in Batum 's absence but played just 13 mintues , while Dorell Wright put up 12 points and eight rebounds in 33 minutes off the bench .
That gave them the cushion they 'd need to tally their 14th home victory in 19 games this season .
The Miami Heat ( 15 - 20 ) defeated the Brooklyn Nets ( 16 - 17 ) 88 - 84 on Sunday at American_Airlines_Arena in Miami .
The loss snapped a Knicks ' three - game winning streak .
The Charlotte Hornets ( 1 - 3 ) secured their first win of the season in impressive fashion Tuesday against the Chicago Bulls ( 3 - 2 ) , winning 130 - 105 .
The Suns moved to three and a half games behind the Oklahoma City Thunder for the final playoff spot with five games remaining .
It was his second straight impressive performance , combining for 33 points , 11 rebounds , six assists and nine steals in those two games .
Andre Miller finished with seven assists in 18 minutes off the bench , earning a few extra minutes of run with the game in hand .
Over his last two games he 's averaged 19 points and 13 rebounds , despite averaging only 7 points and 6 rebounds on the year .
Derrick Rose shot just 5 - of - 20 from the field , finishing with 17 points , six assists and two blocks .
In addition to Anderson ’ s outstanding efforts , Ish Smith also represented the Pelicans bench extremely well , tallying 17 points and 13 assists in 33 minutes .
With Tim Duncan retired and gone , the Spurs will need Aldridge to channel the player he was in Portland if they want a chance to compete in the Western_Conference again .
McCollum was next with 22 points andAllen Crabbe followed with a bench - leading 16 .
Bradley 's shooting has been effected , he was just 1 - of - 7 from beyond the arc against Minnesota .
The Warriors clinched the season series 3 - 1 .
Both clubs entered the game without their starting centers , but it was a tad more of an unexpected development for the home team .
Of course , this was nothing too abnormal for the reigning All-Star Skills Challenge champion .
This win gave Portland their third - straight and they 've done that without Damian Lillard .
Meanwhile , DeAndre Jordan was sent to the charity stripe an absurd 26 times by the Nuggets .
As has been the case over the last few weeks , the Knicks received most of their production from Carmelo Anthony and Amare Stoudemire .
The best starter was Nicolas Batum , who accumulated 17 points , six rebounds and three assists in the victory .
Eric Bledsoe did all he could to keep the Suns hanging around , as he accumulated 27 points , five rebounds , four assists and five steals in the defeat .
Hassan Whiteside continued his stretch of highly impressive play off the bench , collecting 21 points , 13 boards , a steal and a pair of his trademark blocks .
With Taj Gibson now in Oklahoma City , Mirotic , who drained four of his five baskets from long range , could be in for similar playing time going forward .
The Cavaliers ( 39 - 16 ) have now won nine of their last 11 games , as they continue to surge headed into the All-Star break .
The four steals also matched a season - high for him .
The easy victory extends the Hawks ' winning streak to five games , with an average margin on victory of 15 points in those five games .
He 's played extremely well over his last two games , combining for 62 points , nine rebounds , 11 assists and four steals over that span .
The Jazz were able to maintain the lead for the remainder of the game , as they cruised to their fourth win over the Suns this season .
The Thunder 's starting five also got some much - needed offensive support from the bench , as they posted a collective 48 points .
Valanciunas stepped up with a 10 - point , 14 - rebound double - double that also included a block .
Jae Crowder was second on the team , as he accrued 20 points , six rebounds and four assists .
Kemba Walker led all scorers with 28 points on an ultra - efficient 11 - 18 shooting , including 4 - 10 from three - point land .
Already wrought with injuries , the Thunder caught even more bad news during this game .
With Rudy Gay sitting out another game due to suffering a concussion earlier last week , it was Ben McLemore who gave DeMarcus Cousins the most help on the offensive side of the ball .
Memphis had ailments of its own , as the oft - injured Chandler Parsons missed yet another contest on Wednesday .
The Thunder have now won nine of their last 11 games and their two superstars are playing brilliantly right now .
Dwyane Wade shot only 3 - of - 11 from the field on his way to eight points , before leaving the game with an apparent elbow injury .
Despite Jackson 's 31 and a 24 - point , 13 - rebound performance from Andre Drummond , the player of the game award definitely goes to rookie Stanley Johnson .
Forward Chandler Pasrsons played just 14 minutes in this game , as he is still working back to get to full strength after knee surgery in the summer .
Wilson Chandler marked the fifth starter in double figures for points , as he shot 6 - for - 11 from the field and 2 - for - 4 from deep to score 14 points .
Oklahoma_City dominated this game from start to finish , as they led for the final 45 - plus minutes .
David Lee missed the game with a sore lower back , while Marcus Smart is also still out .
The Warriors will host the Cleveland Cavaliers ( 19 - 7 ) in the heavily anticipated Christmas Day matchup on Friday , while the Jazz will host the Los_Angeles Clippers ( 16 - 13 ) on Saturday .
The veteran forward shot 6 - of - 9 but pulled down only four rebounds on the night .
They continue to win even without DeMar DeRozan ( adductor ) in the lineup , maintaining their seat atop the Eastern_Conference standings , but a scary injury happened to Landry Fields in Friday 's game .
The Pacers will be idle Sunday before traveling to Houston to play the Rockets on Monday .
The rebounding was key , as New_York snatched down 51 rebounds to Minnesota 's 31 .
The home squad wasted no time getting the 15 - year veteran acclimated , inserting him into the starting lineup in his first game in a Miami uniform .
The former also brought down seven boards and recored four steals , while the latter complemented his scoring total with a rebound , an assist and a steal .
Gordon Hayward continues to regress in 2015 - 2016 , as the max contract forward added 20 points on 39 percent shooting , to go along with seven rebounds and three assists .
The Warriors ( 40 - 7 ) have the best offensive numbers in the league , but this performance may have been their best of the season .
The win snapped an 11 - game losing streak for New_York in contests Carmelo Anthony missed .
The Kings had a rough night in Mexico_City and they 'll be happy to get out of there .
They got 44 points off the bench , which nearly matched the Pelicans starters .
Eric Bledsoe was the high - point man with 31 points on 12 - of - 18 shooting , to go along with eight assists , two rebounds , two steals and one block .
McCollum followed with matching 17 - point efforts , with the former adding eight rebounds , one assist , one steal and one block and the latter providing five rebounds , four assists , one steal and one block .
Russell Westbrook became the first player since LeBron James to record three triple - doubles in a row .
LaMarcus Aldridge was second on the team , with 23 points , eight rebounds and six assists .
Brooklyn ( 5 - 13 ) has really struggled on defense this season and this blowout loss only adds to those troubles .
J.J. Redick made his return to the line up after being out with back - spasms but did not play well .
For the Suns , Wednesday 's loss was their third in a row and fifth in six games , as it was a struggle for the majority of the team 's rotation .
It was also a big night for the Kings ' other rookie sensation , Skal Labissiere .
The Hornets tied the Indiana Pacers for the 10th best record in the East , just one and a half games out of the playoff picture before the day began .
The Trail_Blazers will try to right the ship Saturday against the Wizards before embarking on a four - game road swing .
Kevin Durant sat out the game as a precautionary measure .
It was his second solid game in a row , combining for 38 points and 10 assists over that span .
New_York has been struggling recently , but a win over their rivals is just what they need to get some momentum going .
Both teams will suit up on Friday , as the Kings will host the MIami Heat ( 43 - 30 ) , while the Wizards visit the Phoenix Suns ( 20 - 55 ) .
That means 159 of the total 223 points came from just six players , with none of the other 15 players scoring in double figures .
Point guard George Hill returned from a toe injury in Thursday 's game between the Jazz and 76ers , and played as though he had n't missed any time at all .
Denver saw a massive offensive night on Monday en route to a blowout of the visiting Mavericks .
Kyle Lowry and DeMar DeRozan both tallied over 30 points , and Jazz shooting guard Rodney Hood exited the game in the second quarter after suffering a blow to the head , further dampening Utah 's prospects .
He 's scored a total of only 11 points in 11 games so far this season , so this performance came out of nowhere .
He also was able to post eight rebounds , pushing his season totals to 11 points and 7 rebounds per game .
Shabazz Muhammed also added a stellar performance off the bench , as he scored 20 points and grabbed seven rebounds in 30 minutes as a reserve .
Overall , the Wizards outplayed the normally fast - paced Mavericks at their own game , amassing 31 fast - break points to Dallas ' 14 .
Garrett Temple and Ben McLemore posted a pair of five - point efforts , and Darren Collison turned in a disappointing two points , three assists and a rebound on just 1 - of - 8 shooting over 25 minutes .
The Kings ( 25 - 37 ) have now lost five of their last six games , but this was a great effort in a losing result .
Both teams play on Thursday , as the Timberwolves visit the Sacramento Kings ( 31 - 47 ) , while the Warriors host the San_Antonio Spurs ( 65 - 12 ) .
Toronto stays home to host the streaking Bucks , also on Friday .
Both Kentavious Caldwell-Pope and Kemba Walker were having a rough time playing in the month of February , with the two combining for six games of single - digit scoring before Thursday night .
The Wizards resume post - All - Star - break play in Philadelphia against the Sixers on Friday , February 24th , while the Pacers kick off the second half of their season on the same night at home against the Memphis Grizzlies .
Myles Turner continues to shine , as he tallied 16 points , four rebounds , two steals and four blocks in the win , Monta Ellis scored just two points , but provided seven rebounds and eight assists in an efficient night .
Conventional wisdom says Anthony Davis has to make the playoffs in order to become an MVP candidate .
The Kings will look to bounce back when they visit the Memphis Grizzlies ( 34 - 24 ) on Wednesday .
Both Dennis Schroder and Kent Bazemore reached double figures off the bench with 11 points apiece .
Denver ( 21 - 25 ) , meanwhile , had some key absences on Tuesday .
He said he could have played if the game was a must - win but that it 's more important to make sure he does n't injure himself further at this time of the season .
Though their attempt to claim their first win fell just short , the Hornets were able to set a club record for three - point attempts with 37 in the contest .
Denver goes into the All-Star break on a high note after winning its first game since Jan.28 .
It was a good night to be young on Tuesday , as up - and - coming players dazzled in the Hornets ' trip to Los_Angeles .
Reigning MVP Steph Curry scored 20 points to go with 11 assists in four steals in a statement game against a team that normally is able to contain him .
On Sunday , the team saw stellar play from top to bottom , as the bench produced three double - digit scorers .
However , that phrase seems to be carrying a little more weight these days , as Philadelphia , behind emerging star Joel Embiid , is starting to make some noise around the league .
Houston have been doing special things on offense this season , but their 140 points in this win marks a season - high .
Marc Gasol had one of his worst games of the year posting 13 points , five rebounds , four turnovers and a mind boggling negative 27 in the plus/minus .
The Jazz ( 40 - 24 ) picked up their 40th win of the season and continue to rise in the Western_Conference behind stellar play from Rudy Gobert .
The Grizzlies will play the Trail_Blazers on Saturday , and the Magic will play the Thunder on Sunday .
The Los_Angeles Lakers defeated the Houston Rockets , 120 - 114 , at Staples_Center on Wednesday .
Canaan finished with 15 points ( 4 - 11 FG , 2 - 5 3Pt , 5 - 6 FT ) and three rebounds , while Covington had a team - high of 25 points , while shooting 8 - for - 17 from the field and 6 - for - 11 from beyond the arc .
It 's rare to see Indiana struggle so badly at home , but that was just the case here .
T.J. Warren has continued to be solid , as Phoenix has given him more run off the bench as of late .
Coming just shy of double - double , Tyler Zeller posted 18 points ( 9 - 13 FG ) and seven rebounds in 30 minutes .
Trade deadline acquisition Jusuf Nurkic also impressed , scoring 21 points to go along with 12 rebounds , six of which came on the offensive end .
With the Thunder now locked into the Western_Conference 's third position , Oklahoma_City took the opportunity to rest Kevin Durant and Serge Ibaka .
Jimmy Butler ( thumb ) went through shootaround Friday but was not ready to lace up his shoes and get back on the court .
San_Antonio has played its way up to the third seed and hope to dethrone the Memphis Grizzlies as the second best team in the west with just two games remaining .
The Magic ( 20 - 36 ) have now lost 18 of their last 23 games and this blowout loss may be rock - bottom .
Hill had 16 points and 10 rebounds , marking his fourth double - double in as many games .
Both teams play on Wednesday , as the Suns host the Los_Angeles Clippers , while the Grizzlies visit the Denver Nuggets .
Evan Fournier continued his strong start to the season with 17 points , five rebounds , five assists and a steal .
Philadelphia was once again without its starting frontcourt of Nerlens Noel ( knee ) and Jahlil Okafor ( shin ) , but received strong performances from their replacements , Carl Landry and Jerami Grant .
The combo of Brandon Knight and Eric Bledsoe has led Phoenix 's high scoring offense so far and were at it again Monday night as they combined for 51 points .
In the end , the game was won on the boards for Atlanta , as they out - rebounded the Pacers ( 7 - 9 ) by 19 , 56 - 37 .
The Knicks were still without Carmelo Anthony and Amare Stoudemire , which continued to limit their offensive abilities .
Rookie Devin Booker continued his strong play , as he tallied 21 points , five rebounds and seven assists .
Portland extended their win streak to five games with the victory .
Boston has now lost four of its last five outings after a strong 9 - 3 showing in February .
Despite the loss , the Jazz saw three players record double - doubles .
Kemba Walker did all he could for Charlotte , as he dropped a game - high 31 points to go along with 10 rebounds and five assists .
The Los_Angeles Lakers ( 4 - 13 ) defeated the Toronto Raptors ( 13 - 4 ) 129 - 122 in overtime on Sunday .
The Pelicans travel to Dallas for a Saturday date with the Mavericks .
Mason Plumlee also had a nice game , as he amassed 17 points , eight rebounds and five assists .
Hassan Whiteside totaled 10 points and 17 rebounds on 9 - of - 11 from the field .
Sacramento will return to action on Tuesday , when they host the winless New_Orleans Pelicans .
Tuesday saw a completely different game unfold , with both teams exploding for some of their best point totals of the season .
Marreese Speights is proving to be one of the needed bench players to extend the Los_Angeles Clippers depth , one in which they did not have last year after injuries decimated their lineup during the playoffs .
Spencer Dinwiddie had one of his best games of his career , totaling 19 points , five rebounds and eight assists .
Mirza Teleovic missed the game as he continues to recover from a hip pointer injury .
Rebounding was the difference in the game , with Oklahoma_City winning that battle , 51 - 35 .
30 for a game that could lead to one team making the playoffs and the other team going to the lottery .
Aaron Gordon followed the flashiness of his performance in the Slam Dunk Competition with a more workmanlike effort of seven points , 11 rebounds , an assist and an outstanding six steals .
James Harden led Houston with 33 points but was the lone starter to record double - digits in points .
Cody Zeller received another start with Roy Hibbert still sidelined with a knee injury and tallied 13 points , a rebound and a block .
Kristaps Porzingis shot just 6 - of - 18 from the field , but totaled 15 points , 14 rebounds and four blocks in the win .
Hassan Whiteside added nine points ( 4 - 6 FG , 1 - 4 FT ) , 12 rebounds and three blocks while back with the starters .
The Jazz have their work cut out for them as they host the Spurs on Tuesday .
The win for Cleveland moves them one game ahead of the Celtics for first place in the Eastern_Conference standings with just four games remaining for each team .
Miami big man Hassan Whiteside stole the show in Chicago , putting up 14 points and 13 rebounds .
The host Utah Jazz demolished the Portland Trail_Blazers on Wednesday , 111 - 88 .
The Bulls will host the Atlanta Hawks ( 43 - 30 ) on Monday , while the Magic host the Brooklyn Nets ( 21 - 51 ) on Tuesday .
Chandler Parsons eclipsed the 20 - point mark for the third straight game , finishing with 29 points while shooting 10 - for - 15 from the field and 4 - for - 5 from beyond the arc .
The Mavericks were playing the second game of a back - to - back , so the strategic rest early in the season did cause them to fall four games below the .500 mark .
Toronto has dropped two straight games , falling to the Atlanta Hawks 110 - 89 on Friday before losing Sunday 's game as well .
Jordan Clarkson added 22 points in his bench role , while the starters remained relatively absent in terms of scoring , with only Nick Young finding double figures with 15 points on 3 - of - 6 shooting from deep .
The Portland Trail_Blazers demolished the surging Oklahoma_City Thunder on Tuesday on the backs of well - rounded and inclusive offense .
After starting the season slowly , the Grizzlies have heated up and won six of their last seven games .
After receiving offseason hype , the Timberwolves have turned out a fairly slow start to the 2016 - 17 campaign .
The Thunder will visit Denver on Tuesday , while the Rockets will visit rival Dallas on Wednesday .
The Spurs ( 12 - 3 ) have long been renowned for their defense , and rightfully so .
This was Beal 's first game in two weeks after sufffering a shoulder injury , so ithe poor game is nothing to be concerned with .
Miles left for good after suffering an eye abrasion with 42 seconds left in the first quarter , which allowed starting shooting guard Rodney Stuckey to pick up more minutes ( 35 ) than his typical 27 per game .
The Pelicans ( 20 - 32 ) are one of many teams fighting for the eight - seed in the West and wins like this are crucial for that pursuit .
The Bulls have earned had a reputation as a gritty , blue - collar team that tends to dominate in the paint , with rebounders such as Pau Gasol and Joakim Noah often leading the way .
The Houston Rockets will welcome the Kings to town on Wednesday , as Memphis will bring in the Oklahoma_City Thunder .
If Wall can begin to put together more efforts of this caliber , the Wizards have an opportunity to climb out of their early - season hole and eventually grab an Eastern_Conference playoff spot .
The Atlanta Hawks defeated the Phoenix Suns , 95 - 91 , at Philips_Arena on Tuesday .
The Warriors have tallied 30 or more assists in their last 10 games , coinciding with a 10 - game winning streak .
The Warriors will host the Dallas Mavericks ( 25 - 21 ) , one of the only teams to beat them this season , on Wednesday .
With the victory Wednesday , the Warriors will now have a coveted matchup of undefeated teams Saturday against the 50 Rockets .
Utah ( 29 - 18 ) , on the other hand , was not quite as hot on the offensive end .
Minnesota 's Thaddeus Young helped keep the Timberwolves in the game with 26 points on 11 - of - 17 shooting , but Atlanta 's timely three - point shooting helped seal it down the stretch .
After leaving Monday 's game with both a bruised shin and a sprained left ankle , Michael Carter-Williams made a suprise start .
Rudy Gobert finished with another double - double , totaling 15 points , 20 rebounds , three assists and four blocks .
The center continues his fantastic season by collecting 15 points , 13 rebounds and three blocks in the loss .
New_Orleans will look to keep rolling on Wednesday against a shorthanded Los_Angeles Clippers team .
Jared Sullinger continues to have his most effecive season yet , as he recorded a double - double of 17 points and 10 rebounds in 27 minutes , while Amir Johnson finished with 11 points in 21 minutes .
The Nuggets saw seven players post double - digit scoring and they collectively shoot an outstanding 56 percent from the floor and 43 percent from three - point range .
They went with an eight - man rotation and Randy Foye played one of the games of his career .
Portland fell victim to three - point shooting , which can make or break a team in a close game , as they shot just 29 percent from three - point range .
David West started his second game in a row , covering for LaMarcus Aldridge , who remains side - lined with an ankle sprain .
The Jazz get an off day before competing against the Dallas Mavericks .
Charlotte was at its best in the fourth quarter , which they entered with a slight 88 - 87 deficit , outscoring OKC by a 36 - 24 margin over the final 12 minutes .
The Cleveland Cavaliers defeated the Toronto Raptors , 121 - 117 , at Quicken_Loans_Arena on Tuesday .
After playing just 27 minutes in the Pelicans ' season opener , starting point guard Jrue Holiday played 37 minutes Saturday and finished with 24 points and six assists .
Despite the ridiculous line , Westbrook failed to set the record for the most consecutive triple - doubles , which he currently shares with Michael Jordan .
This is just one of those game for the Knicks and they can just chalk it up to playing in a tough environment against a stifling defense .
He 's been heavily relied upon for scoring with Wade sitting out , so it 's good to see his scoring continue even with Wade back .
The `` grit and grind `` team shot an impressive 50 percent from the field , but could not seem to stop Dallas 's deadly three - point shooters .
The second unit featured a trio of double - digit scoring efforts led by Tyler Ulis , who posted 13 points , six assists , two rebounds and one steal .
Memphis has also now surpassed the 100 - point mark in 19 of its last 21 games , an impressive feat for a team that previously ranked among the bottom - five for most of the season .
Denver appears to have the Rockets number this year , as they have scored over 107 points in all three wins .
The Warriors have now won nine in a row .
Derrick Rose was right behind him with 26 points , five assists and three rebounds .
The Nuggets ( 33 - 37 ) are trying to hold on to to the eight - seed in the west and this loss is devastating for that pursuit .
The Celtics got all they could handle from a game Pelicans squad that came in to the contest with a revamped lineup .
New_York dominated the rebounding as well , as they snatched down 53 rebounds to Chicago 's 34 .
Kemba Walker scored a game - high 23 points , as he did that damage on 9 - of - 13 shooting .
The Hawks fell to 21 - 15 and remain in second place in the Eastern_Conference 's Southeast Division .
The Lakers shot a robust 9 - 19 ( 47 percent ) from three - point land , even better than they shot from inside the arc ( 45 percent ) .
However , others in the OKC supporting cast have occasionally stepped up to lessen the load on the dynamic point guard , and such was the case on Christmas Day .
Nerlens Noel made his debut and amassed nine points and 10 rebounds off the bench .
The Clippers routed the Lakers 106 - 78 in that game , but Tuesday 's game proved to be far more competitive .
This win for Sacramento snapped a 13 - game losing streak against Golden_State , but it took an extra session to do so .
The Miami Heat ( 8 - 6 ) defeated the Charlotte Hornets ( 4 - 10 ) 94 - 93 Sunday at the American_Airlines_Arena in Miami .
Much of the credit can be given to Darren Collison , who blew up for 26 points , while shooting 12 - of - 21 from the field and 2 - of - 4 from the three - point line .
Sunday ’ s loss was critical for the Suns , who are now four games behind the eighth - place Thunder in the Western_Conference .
Chicago ( 14 - 16 ) has been in a terrible slide over recent weeks , but they did a good job to fight back in a game that looked to be a blowout early on .
No Lakers starter scored more than 12 points and they really wouldn ’ t have been in this game if it weren ’ t for their bench .
Recent acquisition Harrison Barnes continued his strong tenure with the Mavs , scoring 20 points and recording nine rebounds .
Zach LaVine moved back to a bench role , but that did n't stop him from having the best game of his rookie career .
The Knicks ( 27 - 43 ) appear to have given up on their playoff push as they continue to slide at the end of the season .
Minnesota ( 25 - 36 ) saw one of its most convincing wins of the season , as sophomore phenom Karl-Anthony Towns continued his stretch of dominance .
Center Nikola Vucevic also impressed , shooting 10 - of - 17 en route to 23 points .
Portland 's emerging backcourt has looked stronger than ever in the new season , and Friday put that on full display .
Joakim Noah sat out a third straight game to rest his sprained ankle , giving Taj Gibson another spot start .
He struggled with his shot over the last couple weeks , so it 's possible the announcement that he 'll be an All-Star could have relaxed Lillard .
Dirk Nowitzki was close behind and was only able to record 16 points on a poor 4 - of - 14 shooting .
He 'll need to play much better than that if the Wizards want to make some noise in the playoffs .
Charlotte has won four straight games , and while the wins have come during an easy part of their schedule ( Sixers , Jazz , Nuggets , Bucks ) , the talking heads have tried to fit the narrative of Lance Stephenson ( groin ) sitting out as the reason for the Hornets ' success .
LaMarcus Aldridge followed with 16 points and nine rebounds .
Nurkic had a career - high 33 points on 12 - of - 15 shooting and 9 - of - 11 at the free - throw line against his former team .
The Houston Rockets ( 12 - 12 ) defeated the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 3 - 21 ) 126 - 97 on Saturday .
A Dirk Nowtizki jumper with 1:39 to play cut the lead to just six points , and a pair of Tyson Chandler free throws less than a minute later brought Dallas within four .
DeMar DeRozan shot just 5 - of - 19 on the way to a 10 - point tally .
Mario Chalmers filled in for Mike Conley admirably , as he accumulated 17 points , seven assists , four rebounds and four steals .
The Spurs ( 14 - 4 ) were playing their second leg of a back - to - back , but we able to bounce back nicely against Dallas ( 3 - 13 ) after dropping Tuesday 's matchup against the Magic .
The team effort relied on fluid ball movement and showcased the rare occurrence where reigning MVP Stephen Curry does not perform to his elite ability .
Recently acquired K.J McDaniels and Pablo Prigioni made their Rockets debuts in this game , each going scoreless in four minutes of playing time .
D ’ Angelo Russell got the start in favor of Lou Williams , a decision that we do not know is permanent yet , but it was Randle ’ s first start since December 12 .
Rudy Gay added to an impressive streak of five games ( 22 points per game and 7 rebounds per game ) , totalling 18 points and seven rebounds .
The reigning conference Player of the Month duo , Steph Curry and Kevin Durant , recorded a pair of double - doubles .
The Indiana Pacers ( 33 - 43 ) throttled the Charlotte Hornets ( 32 - 43 ) 93 - 74 on Friday at Bankers_Life_Fieldhouse .
Richaun Holmes followed with 17 points , six rebounds , two assists and one steal .
The superstar played only 27 minutes and watched the game from the bench in the fourth quarter .
Toronto will look to build off this win in a home matchup against the Oklahoma_City thunder on Thursday .
DeAndre Jordan 's 20 - point , 13 - rebound double - double led Los_Angeles .
Dwyane Wade was next with 20 points , six assists , three rebounds , a steal and a block .
For the Suns , meanwhile , Eric Bledsoe put on a one - man show .
However , the old adage of `` that 's why they play the games `` rang particularly true Wednesday , as Sacramento forced the Cavs into an uncharacteristic 18 turnovers and made the shots when it counted most to emerge as surprising victors .
The Houston Rockets ( 36 - 16 ) held off the Phoenix Suns ( 29 - 25 ) in a shootout Tuesday , winning 127 - 118 .
Steven Adams posted a 16 - point , 13 - rebound double - double that also included three assists , two steals and one block .
However , the remaining members of Sacramento 's starting five posted single - digit scoring tallies , with Kosta Koufos ( six points , nine boards ) , Garret Temple ( five points ) , Ben McLemore ( five points ) and Darren Collision ( two points on 1 - of - 8 shooting ) all considerably underperforming .
Returning from a five - game absence , Darrell Arthur posted two points and two rebounds in 11 minutes off the bench .
The Nuggets did n't show up in the third quarter and they put up some mind boggling stats .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 54 - 17 ) defeated the Orlando Magic ( 22 - 51 ) 95 - 83 on Wednesday at the Amway_Center in Orlando .
Multiple players hit fewer than one third of their shots , including sophomore guard Emmanuel Mudiay ( 4 - of - 15 ) , forward Danilo Gallinari ( 2 - of - 9 ) , and reigning All-Rookie First Team member Nikola Jokic ( 1 - of - 5 ) .
It was the first time in nine games that Boston failed to score at least 100 points and their lowest point total since they scored 88 against the Warriors on Nov. 18 .
Injuries have given Denver 's Wilson Chandler a chance to jump out on the stat sheet in the Nuggets ' recent games .
The Los_Angeles Lakers ( 14 - 41 ) defeated the Boston Celtics ( 20 - 33 ) 118 - 111 in overtime on Sunday .
Carmelo Anthony had a tough day from the field .
While Davis continues to put up monster stats , the Pelicans are still stuck at one win through 10 games and that 's evident by the fact that the Lakers went on a 140 run with Davis nursing his injury .
The Warriors also ended a 33 - game losing streak at San_Antonio , where they had not won since 1997 .
Toronto started off the season 50 , but have proceeded to lose three - straight since .
The Lakers could not follow up their scrappy Christmas Day effort versus the Clippers with a similar performance .
Jameer Nelson returned after a one - game absence with a shoulder injury .
After a game - tying dunk by Dwight Howard , with 22 seconds left , the Jazz elected not to call time - out and continued play , which led to a game - winning dunk by Derrick Favors , with 2 seconds left .
Evan Turner and Allen Crabbe rounded out the rest of the double digit scorers , with both players combining for 28 points on 9 - of - 15 shooting .
The Grizzlies will host their rival the Los_Angeles Clippers , while the Kings will welcome the struggling San_Antonio Spurs to town Friday .
The Knicks have dropped five straight , their second five - game losing streak in March .
Kyle Lowry followed up DeRozan 's 27 points , with 15 of his own , along with seven assists and two steals , in 32 minutes .
After Crowder went down early , it was Amir Johnson who surprisingly came alive in the second half of the game , as he finished shooting a scorching 9 - of - 11 from the field and 4 - of - 4 from behind the arc .
This is a dominant defense , so when players like Booker and Burks can produce like this , they 'll be tough to beat .
The Cavaliers will visit the Miami Heat ( 11 - 6 ) on Saturday , while Pelicans host the Boston Celtics ( 11 - 8 ) on Monday .
The tightly - contested affair saw the Celtics ( 37 - 21 ) enter the fourth period holding a slim 77 - 74 lead , but the home team mounted a comeback , outscoring their visitors by a 33 - 20 margin over the final 12 minutes .
Allen Crabbe was a nice spark off the bench , producing 14 points and six rebounds .
Averaging just 5 points on the season , it was another nice surprise for the Jazz .
The Rockets will look to turn things around Friday when they take on the winless 76ers in Houston .
Jared Dudley and Leandro Barbosa followed with matching 12 - point efforts , with the former adding six rebounds , two assists , one steal and one block , and the latter hauling in three boards .
The team as a whole shot around the same as its opponent , hitting 43 percent of its shots from the field .
Kent Bazemore kept his team in it with some huge shots late and finished with 21 points and six rebounds .
Jimmy Butler was the player of the game , as he accumulated 20 points , six rebounds , 14 assists and three steals .
The Raptors ( 28 - 13 ) opted to give Kyle Lowry the night off to rest assorted bumps and bruises that he 'd recently endured , thrusting the capable Cory Joseph into the starting five .
Veteran forward Serge Ibaka added another double - double , scoring 13 along with 10 rebounds .
Kent Bazemore was then called into action , where he contributed 12 points and five rebounds in a team - high 40 minutes on the floor .
Norris Cole entered the starting lineup Tuesday , with Tyreke Evans sitting out due to an ankle injury .
Mini-Manimal Jae Crowder was at it again on Friday .
The Oklahoma_City Thunder defeated the Utah Jazz , 112 - 104 , at Chesapeake_Energy_Arena on Saturday afternoon .
Nikola Jokic had one of his best games of the season , accumulating eight points , 12 rebounds and four assists off the bench .
San_Antonio ( 18 - 4 ) is undergoing a polar shift from their 2015 - 16 campaign in which they went an NBA-record 40 - 1 at home .
Both teams play on Monday , as the Warriors will visit the Atlanta Hawks ( 31 - 25 ) , while the Clippers host the Phoenix Suns ( 14 - 41 ) .
The Washington guard also equaled his season high with five three - pointers , after shooting only 14 percent ( 2 - for - 14 ) from beyond the arc the previous two games .
The Los_Angeles Clippers defeated the Houston Rockets , 140 - 116 , at Toyota_Center on Friday .
It was an offensive showcase as the Clippers and the Raptors faced off at Staples_Center on Monday night .
Detroit 's next game comes on Sunday in Portland against the surprising Trail_Blazers .
DeMarcus Cousins had a monster game , which was an impressive feat against the tough interior of the Thunder .
Lillard shot just 4 - of - 20 on the night in quite possibly his worst outing of the season .
Any doubts of the reigning MVP ’ s ability were erased just 24 hours later .
The Pistons are in a terrible slide right now and losses like this show just how badly they are struggling .
The Warriors placed six players in double - figures , led by 17 points from Andre Iguodala in 25 minutes off the bench .
While the Cavaliers have preached patience , questions about whether or not the pieces they have can fit together have already been getting tossed around liberally in NBA circles .
Portland has now won four straight games after a five - game skid earlier in March raised some concerns about its viability come playoff time .
DeMarcus Cousins had a subpar game by his standards , posting just 14 points and three rebounds to go with five turnovers .
The Clippers ( 6 - 1 ) continued what has been a dominant start to the regular season , earning what was not only their sixth win of the season , but their sixth win by double - digit points .
The Clippers climbed to the three seed in the Western_Conference with their fifth straight win .
The visiting Houston Rockets blew out the host Dallas Mavericks on Tuesday , 123 - 107 .
Dallas dropped to 13 - 11 and is currently in a second - place tie with Memphis in the Western_Conference 's Southwest Division .
He continues to be very productive , as he averaged 22 points in the three games prior to this outing .
The Knicks ( 24 - 33 ) have been one of the most dysfunctional teams over recent weeks , but wins like this will surely quiet the skeptics for the time being .
Utah will have some time off to get healthy before their next game , as they host the Oklahoma_City Thunder on Wednesday .
Evan Turner and Allen Crabbe both scored in double figures off the bench , combining for 23 points , six rebounds and six assists .
The Thunder dropped to 3 - 3 and are presently a half game behind first - place Portland in the Western_Conference ’ s Northwest Division , pending the outcome of tonight ’ s Grizzlies-Blazers contest .
He has n't played more than 20 minutes in each of his last three games , so with a little bit more time on the court , Hibbert was able to increase his production .
The Grizzlies ( 36 - 25 ) had lost their last two games at home , so this bounce - back blowout is just what the doctor ordered .
He scored 12 points , grabbed nine rebounds , stole the ball three times , and added one block to go along with a season - high eight assists .
But what may be even more impressive is the level of efficiency he is producing at , as Monroe has shot an impressive 54 percent from the field in those seven games .
The contest featured the long - awaited return of Magic center Nikola Vucevic , who had missed all but three games during March with a groin injury .
Russell Westbrook scored a game - high 33 points to lead the Thunder to their 11th win in 14 games .
Quite unexpectedly , the Pistons were able to keep their winning streak alive and extended it to six games in a row Tuesday .
DeMarcus Cousins was especially disappointing , as he scored just 14 points on 4 - of - 16 shooting .
Jon Leuer added 24 points on 8 - of - 16 shooting , as the second - highest scorer for Detroit .
Omer Asik got the start and double - doubled , in a 15 - point , 14 - rebound effort .
Phoenix ( 22 - 46 ) had seen some moderate improvement recently , having gone 4 - 6 in its last 10 games .
The Clippers hope to improve their playoff status when they take on the Suns on Tuesday .
DeMar DeRozan went just 5 - of - 17 from the field , but still finished with 12 points , four rebounds and 10 assists .
The Bucks head down to South Florida for a Saturday night showdown with the Miami Heat , while the Magic remain home for a showdown with the Golden_State Warriors on Sunday afternoon .
Third-year forward T.J. Warren also continued his strong production .
Terrence Jones continues to excel with Dwight Howard ( knee ) sidelined .
Stephen Curry continues to make his bid for the MVP Award , putting up his fifth double - double of the season .
Denver was without JaVale McGee ( illness ) and Jameer Nelson ( Achilles ) , who were both questionable going into Monday 's game .
After missing the last 21 games rehabbing a shoulder injury , Eric Gordon was cleared to return to action and was immediately placed back into the starting lineup at shooting guard .
While four of their five starters managed to score in double figures , no one was able to a put together a standout performance on a forgettable night for the team .
Hassan Whiteside contributed 11 points and hauled in eight boards , with his customary pair of blocks thrown in for good measure .
The Spurs launch a two - game road trip Sunday against the Atlanta Hawks .
Dallas ' next opportunity to turn to the prevailing tide arrives Tuesday in Sacramento versus a Kings squad that has lost two of the last three outings .
Russell Westbrook added another triple - double to his tally , as he accumulated 25 points , 12 rebounds and 19 assists .
The Clippers will look to build a winning streak , as they play host to the struggling Knicks on Monday .
It was Rudy Gay and Darren Collison that led the Kings though , scoring 27 and 20 points respectively .
Despite the loss , the Hawks retain a hold on first place in the Eastern_Conference 's Southeast Division .
The Sixers head back home to tangle with the Golden_State Warriors on Monday night , while the Knicks remain home and await the Toronto Raptors for a Monday night showdown .
The Knicks made a run in the third quarter , but could n't continue it in the fourth , as the Celtics stole the 11 - point victory on the road .
Andre Drummond notched his second straight and third 20/20 game of the season , with 22 points on 10 - 13 shooting and 22 rebounds , in 28 minutes .
In fact , the Cavaliers outscored the Pelicans , 23 - 13 , in the fourth quarter to cap off their comeback win .
Robert Covington matched Saric 's 12 points , adding three rebounds and a block to his tally .
The Mavericks have won the season series with the Thunder 3 - 1 .
The Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 33 - 27 ) defeated the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 16 - 42 ) 108 - 101 on Sunday at the Staples_Center in Los_Angeles .
Meanwhile the Jazz will be hosting Memphis on Saturday night , which should be a good gauge for their progress as a young up and coming team in the West .
Behind a strong first half , where the Lakers out - scored the Nuggets 62 - 46 , the Lakers were able to steal a victory on the road .
Enes Kanter was on the receiving end of many of Westbrook 's dimes and was the definition of perfect shooting , as he scored 23 points on 11 - of - 11 shooting in 25 minutes off the bench .
The Mavericks were without point guard Rajon Rondo after he was given a one - game suspension for a verbal altercation with coach Rick Carlisle during Tuesday 's contest .
He led the bench attack for the second - straight game .
Vucevic was a force in the paint and flexed some of his midrange game , as he finished the night with 18 points and 10 rebounds .
Portland continues to exceed expectations in the Western_Conference , and they currently hold the 6 - seed for the playoff picture , with the 5 - seed within reach .
The Hawks were led by Kent Bazemore , who managed 23 points , six rebounds , an assist , three steals and a block .
Phoenix ( 5 - 11 ) have really struggled on the defensive end this season , but this was their best defensive performance of the year .
It was a nice bounce back game for him after struggling with his shot against the Pelicans on Sunday .
Jeremy Lin managed to play 22 minutes despite back spasms , but his performance was clearly affected as he finished with just two points on 1 - of - 8 shooting .
If it was n't for Brandon Knight 's heroic 32 - point performance in 27 minutes off the bench , this game could have been even uglier for the Suns .
The Pelicans ' three - point shooting was particularly impressive , as they tallied a 59 percent success rate from behind the arc .
Memphis had beat Golden_State in their two previous meetings this season , but it was clear the Warriors were having none of that here .
Both teams return to action on Tuesday , as the Spurs host the Utah Jazz and the Heat host the Sacramento Kings .
With Derrick Rose likely to be out for awhile after undergoing surgery on his meniscus , the Bulls will look to Aaron Brooks to help keep them afloat near the top of the Eastern_Conference standings .
Thaddeus Young did n't have his best shooting performance , but posted 13 points ( 6 - 18 FG , 1 - 2 3Pt ) and eight rebounds .
The one asterisk to the win was that they beat the Warriors without Stephen Curry .
Bosh was coming off a a very poor shooting performance ( 4 - 17 FG , 0 - 4 3Pt ) on Tuesday , so it was good to see him have a bounce back game .
Cleveland won the fourth quarter 31 - 21 and forced overtime on the strength of a Jordan McRae three - pointer with 15 seconds left .
Pistons center Andre Drummond has undeniably been one of the NBA 's most improved and productive players of the 2015 - 16 campaign , having impressively tallied double - digit scoring in every game , as well as double - doubles in all but one contest .
Kent Bazemore led Atlanta with 21 points , while Dwight Howard supplied 19 points and nine boards .
The Chicago Bulls defeated the Toronto Raptors , 123 - 118 , in overtime at United_Center on Saturday .
DeMar DeRozan really struggled with his shot in this game , going just 4 - of - 14 from the field .
With the win , the Jazz move with two games of the Dallas Mavericks for the Western_Conference 's eighth and final playoff spot .
With DeMarcus Cousins still sidelined , the Kings were again without their best player .
Greg Monroe sat out of this game but is reportedly nearing a return to the floor .
Oklahoma_City has now dropped four of its last five , leaving the door open for New Orleans to move within a half game of it should the Pelicans win Friday .
Notching his second double - double in a row , Jeff Teague finished with 11 points ( 4 - 12 FG , 1 - 5 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) , 10 assists and four steals .
D'Angelo Russell went just 3 - of - 14 from the field , including hitting only 20 percent of his three - point attempts .
The Charlotte Hornets defeated the Chicago Bulls , 103 - 91 , at Spectrum_Center on Friday night .
The Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 26 - 11 ) defeated the Los_Angeles Lakers 117 - 113 on Friday night .
Los_Angeles ( 40 - 27 ) appeared frustrated by the unfortunately - timed loss .
To provide some more tangible perspective on the noteworthiness of the Sixers ' effort , one has to realize the Cavs had tallied 53 and 48 percent figures , respectively , in those same categories against the Timberwolves in their most recent contest , and had also scored over 120 points in their two previous games .
Greg Monroe came two rebounds shy of his own double - double , and he finished the game with 15 points and eight rebounds .
With this win the Pistons put themselves right back in contention for the eighth spot in the East .
Jrue Holiday was their best player , as he accumulated 19 points , seven rebounds and seven assists .
The defensive effort allowed the Mavericks to record the win despite star Dirk Nowitzki resting as Dallas is keeping him out of back - to - back games .
The 15 assists were a season - high for Paul , and it marked his seventh double - double of the season .
It was a wire - to - wire win for the Bulls , as they led by 14 after the first quarter and ended up winning the fourth quarter , 37 - 17 , to pull away in dominating fashion .
Danny Green continued his improved play , contributing 15 points , seven rebounds , three assists , three steals and a block .
The recent slide has sent the Suns tumbling in the standings and they would not be in the top eight in the West if the season were to end today .
The Sacramento Kings defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers in overtime , 116 - 112 , at Quicken_Loans_Arena on Wednesday .
Len did his damage off the bench , while starting center Miles Plumlee played just 15 minutes , a development that does n't mean much in the course of one game , but after the Suns invested a fifth - overall pick in the 2013 NBA Draft on Len , his development is something they 're going to be keen to push , and that may come at the expense of Plumlee at some point .
Veteran Carmelo Anthony led the team with a stellar 30 points , but could not get the job done for the entire team .
A win would tie the Chicago Bulls ' all - time record for victories in a season at 72 .
Los_Angeles ( 25 - 14 ) enjoyed the return of superstar point guard Chris Paul , who had missed the previous week of action with a hamstring injury .
Jrue Holiday posted a 13 - point , 10 - rebound double - double .
For the Spurs ( 8 - 3 ) , Monday 's game marked just the second time this season where the team was able to start their lineup they expected to have out there from the beginning of the season , as Danny Green and Tony Parker have made returns from quad and knee injuries , respectively .
This game seemed well out of hand to start the fourth , but Denver made one of their biggest comebacks in franchise history to win .
The Dubs also dished out a massive 33 assists , with nine coming from two - time reigning MVP Steph Curry .
The team shot 1 - of - 15 on three - pointers and fell to 29 - 10 at home this season .
The loss snapped a 13 game winning streak for San_Antonio .
The Nets gave stars Brook Lopez and Thaddeus Young a chance to rest on Saturday night , leading to absolute evisceration at the hands of Minnesota .
Along with the 15 points , he added 11 rebounds , giving him his eigth double - double of the year .
DeRozan added three rebounds and three assists to his team - high point total .
The Magic were forced to play another game without big man Nikola Vucevic ( back ) on Wednesday night .
The 10 - year veteran continued to resemble the superstar he developed into in Portland , tallying 28 points , four rebounds , four assists and a block .
Andre Drummond has solidified himself as a dominant force in the NBA this season .
Washington stopped the bleeding from their three - game losing streak with the win and ended their five - game West Conference road trip on a high note .
Marvin Williams equaled a season high with 19 points , while Marco Belinelli matched his point total while playing 30 minutes off the bench .
Hollis Thompson tallied 16 points and four rebounds in another start at shooting guard .
DeMar DeRozan followed with 26 points , six rebounds , four assists and three steals , but struggled from the field , going just 10 - of - 27 .
He 's put in two impressive performances in a row , combining for 39 points and 13 rebounds over his last two .
The Knicks ( 26 - 39 ) have just four wins in their last 11 games , as they continue to slide down the standings .
Tonight was LaMarcus Aldridge 's night , as he tallied 25 points , 10 rebounds and five assists in the victory .
Drummond has been on an absolute tear of late , posting four double - doubles in a row , while averaging 19 points and 15 rebounds over that span .
Forward Harrison Barnes led the Mavericks ' offense , scoring 31 points on 12 - of - 20 shooting .
Nurkic , a relatively new Trail Blazer who was acquired in a trade with deadline , had two teeth knocked out during a collision in the game .
Rudy Gay pitched in with 24 points of his own and Darren Collison scored 17 off the bench .
The Miami Heat defeated the host Brooklyn Nets , 109 - 106 , at Barclay 's Center on Wednesday .
Sacramento 's two big wins this week over tough opponents have helped them stay in the mix for the eighth seed in the Western_Conference playoff race .
The Pistons ( 12 - 11 ) , who used a big fourth quarter to pull away from the Bulls ( 11 - 10 ) on Tuesday , are now winners of four of their last five games and look to be trending in the right direction with the return of their point guard Reggie Jackson , who played in his second game of the season since returning from a knee injury .
The Portland Trail_Blazers held on to defeat the streaking New_Orleans Pelicans , 119 - 104 , on Friday night at Moda_Center .
New Orleans will try to even things up again when they host the Denver Nuggets on Sunday evening .
Bradley Beal and Paul Pierce returned to the lineup after lengthy injury absences .
Matt Barnes missed a second straight game with a sore calf , giving sophomore Reggie Bullock another spot start .
The Trail_Blazers came into Friday 's contest with one of the worst defensive frontcourts in the NBA , surrendering a league - worst average of 22 points and 17 rebounds to opposing centers .
Kobe Bryant played 34 minutes and led the Lakers in scoring with 21 points , shooting 7 - 20 from the field .
His minutes have been slowly dissipating as of late and it 's mainly due to the fact that the Suns prefer to play small - ball .
The Spurs are off until Friday night , February 24th , when they 'll kick off the second half of the season in Los_Angeles versus the Clippers .
The Thunder head back home for a showdown with the Spurs on Friday night , while the Magic head to Beantown to do battle with the Boston Celtics on Friday evening as well .
The Pacers will try to keep the good times rolling when they host the Chicago Bulls on Monday .
The Wizards ( 42 - 26 ) have been a dominant home team all season , as this gives them 27 wins at Verizon_Center for the year .
The Jazz ( 49 - 31 ) are now tied with the Los Angeles Clippers for the fourth - seed in the west , as this loss could be devastating for homecourt advantage .
It 's still relatively early in the season , but every time the Kings have stumbled , they 've picked themselves up in the next game .
Kemba Walker was the player of the game , scoring a game - high 30 points on 11 - of - 22 shooting .
Steven Adams recorded a double - double , accumulating 15 points , 10 rebounds , four assists , three steals and two blocks .
The Toronto Raptors will look to end the Golden_State Warriors ( 110 ) perfect season when they visit Oracle_Arena on Tuesday , while the Kings visit the Atlanta Hawks ( 8 - 4 ) on Wednesday .
Backcourt mate Eric Bledsoe had a quiet first half , but came on in the third and fourth quarters to finish with 17 points , seven assists , a a pair of rebounds and four steals .
One look at the statistics would indicate a Sacramento blowout , but this game came down to the final shot .
James Harden went 0 - of - 8 from three - point range , but still accumulated 14 points , seven rebounds and 10 assists .
The final score of Wednesday 's contest suggests the game was a lot closer than it actually was , as while the team entered halftime tied up at 60 points each , the Rockets ( 55 - 27 ) elected to run away with the game in the third period , outscoring the Timberwolves ( 31 - 51 ) by 14 points and holding a lead as large as 17 .
Trevor Ariza was the only other Rockets ' starter to score in double figures , finishing with 19 points on 7 - of - 12 shooting in 34 minutes .
Bayless finished with a game - high 27 points after playing nearly the entire game at 47 minutes .
Whiteside recently became just the fourth player since 1970 to record 10 straight games of 10 or more rebounds off the bench .
They inexplicably won consecutive games against the Bulls and Rockets on Jan. 12 and 14 .
Tyler Ulis chipped in with a 10 - point , 12 - assist double - double that also featured a pair of steals .
On the night , Gobert blocked four shots and stole the ball once while pulling down a team - high 13 rebounds .
Nikola Mirotic has thrived in his sixth man role , as Taj Gibson missed his 10th straight game , and Wednesday was no different .
Cody Zeller followed up with 17 points and nine rebounds .
On deck for the Nets is a road matchup with the Atlanta Hawks on Wednesday .
The Raptors have now won 16 of their last 19 , while the Knicks have lost 12 of their last 14 .
The Grizzlies , on the other hand , are currently the second projected playoff seed in the West , six games back from the Golden State Warriors .
The Raptors will look to break this losing streak in a favorable matchup on Wednesday against the Philadelphia 76ers .
Bojan Bogdanovic returned to the lineup after missing three games , playing 11 minutes off the bench .
Gay , on the other hand , is on fire as well , combining to go 19 - of - 35 from the field and 4 - for - 6 from deep for 57 points over his last two outings .
He had 23 points against the Spurs on Friday and 15 against a tough Rockets team Wednesday , so he 's had a nice stretch of games during the last week .
Marcus Smart then missed a last - gasp 24 - foot three - point attempt at the one - second mark that would have sent the game into the overtime .
Marcus Smart then missed a last - gasp 24 - foot three - point attempt at the one - second mark that would have sent the game into the overtime .
With this loss , the Thunder are now 6 - 8 versus the East .
The Nets have won the season series with the Pacers 2 - 1 .
Ryan Kelly also got hot from the field , scoring 17 points , while shooting 6 - of - 8 from the floor and 2 - of - 3 from deep .
The point total represented a season high for Dallas , and it was also their largest margin of victory on the campaign .
With this win the Magic take the season series 3 - 1 .
Rebounding was the difference for Oklahoma_City , as they won that battle , 54 - 42 .
Montrezl Harrell got a rare start at center and amassed 13 points , four rebounds and four assists on 6 - of - 7 shooting .
Amare Stoudemire came off the bench to add 17 points and 10 rebounds in 23 minutes .
Utah will look to bounce back when they host the Philadelphia 76ers ( 2 - 30 ) on Monday .
However , it was Orlando who snapped out of their doldrums Tuesday by posting a season - high scoring total .
Superstar point guard Chris Paul returned from injury and posted a line of 17 points , six rebounds , and five assists .
Mike Conley scored 13 of his game - high 31 points in the fourth quarter to seal the road win .
Harden has shot 44 percent ( 31 - for - 71 ) during his three - game hot streak , posting 37 , 28 , and 43 points , respectively during those contests .
Andre Drummond notched his second straight 20 and 20 game , with 22 points and 22 rebounds , in 28 minutes .
Eric Bledsoe was the star , as he collected 28 points , six rebounds and nine assists .
Carmelo Anthony and Kristaps Porzingis supplied matching 18 - point efforts , with the former adding six rebounds , two assists , three steals and one block , and the latter providing seven rebounds , one assist and one steal .
With the win , San_Antonio remains undefeated at home , needing just two more wins to become the first team in NBA history without a homecourt loss .
Miami saw all five members of the first unit post double - digit scoring , and they also saw James Johnson tally 17 points off the bench .
Russell Westbrook set an NBA record , as he became the first ever player to record a triple - double , while not missing a single shot .
Denver will look to keep up the momentum when they host the Houston Rockets on Friday , who they beat in the opener by a 20 - point margin in Houston .
He 's averaging only 11 points on the year , so the promotion into the starting lineup may have provided him some extra motivation .
Overall , it was a great shooting performance from the Suns , as they managed to hit a scorching 60 percent from the field .
The Chicago Bulls ( 20 - 9 ) defeated the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 9 - 20 ) 113 - 93 on Thursday .
San_Antonio advanced to 16 - 2 on the road , remaining the league 's best road team .
Houston will look to keep rolling on Friday against the surging New_Orleans Pelicans .
Cody Zeller posted a 15 - point , 11 - rebound double - double that also included three assists and two blocks .
The Pelicans need more from their bench , as they got just 19 points on 7 - for - 17 shooting .
For the Lakers ( 1 - 2 ) , meanwhile , recent second - overall pick Brandon Ingram saw limited minutes after suffering a knee injury in the team 's most recent outing .
Bradley Beal was the best player in this game , tallying 26 points , three rebounds and five assists .
Hassan Whiteside tallied 20 points , along with eight rebounds , three blocks and two steals , in 33 minutes .
It was a season - high in points for Carroll and arguably his best game of the season thus far .
The rookie added six rebounds and three assists on 14 - of - 21 shooting , including eight buckets from behind the arc in 35 minutes .
LaMarcus Aldridge added 18 points of his own to go along with six rebounds , while the only other Spur to score in double figures was Pau Gasol , who came off the bench to score 18 points in 24 minutes .
Six of those three - pointers came from LaVine , who is having a breakout season and averaging over 20 points per game for the first time in his career .
Boston will look to keep up this form against an equally surprising Orlando Magic squad on Sunday .
The Kings will welcome the Washington Wizards ( 36 - 37 ) on Wednesday , while the Blazers will look to catch the Memphis Grizzlies in the playoff race when they host the Boston Celtics ( 43 - 30 ) on Thursday .
The Celtics are without standout small forward Jae Crowder , and the wing 's absence has been felt over the last week .
The Mavericks ( 9 - 23 ) had won three of their previous five contests and looked to be on the rise before Tuesday 's beat - down .
However , the Knicks still fell short and walked away with their eighth loss in their last 11 games .
The Nuggets play the second game of a back - to - back when they visit the Los_Angeles Clippers on Tuesday , while the Mavericks visit the Portland Trail_Blazers on Wednesday .
The Raptors get a night off before taking on the Utah Jazz on their home floor on Saturday night .
Standout rookie Kristaps Porzingis supplied 18 points , eight rebounds , two assists , a steal and three blocks .
Louis Williams continued his terrific play , putting up 22 points in 26 minutes off the bench Wednesday .
The Pacers will host the Houston Rockets ( 36 - 37 ) on Sunday , while the Nets will visit the Miami Heat ( 42 - 30 ) on Monday .
Cousins ' 33 points led all scorers , and the Kings ' bench , which combined for 29 points , nearly outscored the other four starters , who totaled just 32 overall .
At this , Rubio , who has been seen as a offensive liability when it comes to shooting the ball for most of his career , is becoming yet another option for this team .
Robin Lopez had one of his best games of the season , as he scored 20 points to go along with 19 rebounds .
Derrick Rose fell just shy of a triple - double , accumulating 18 points , eight rebounds and eight assists .
A trio of 11 - point efforts from Okafor , Embiid and Robert Covington followed , with the big men also contributing seven , six and eight rebounds , respectively .
Omer Asik 's departure due to a calf injury did n't help the Pelicans ' cause either as the Suns out - rebounded them by 12 .
Serge Ibaka was Orlando 's best player , as he tallied 23 points and 10 rebounds en route to a double - double .
It was the most three - point shots he 's attempted all season , but he was still very effective .
The Sixers fell to 4 - 24 and reside in last place in the Eastern_Conference 's Atlantic Division .
Into the starting five stepped James Ennis for the first time in a Pelicans uniform , while Omer Asik and Toney Douglas made their returns to the first unit as well .
Rookie Shabazz Napier scored seven points in 26 minutes and stayed consistent with the types of numbers he 's had for the first five games of the season .
Kyle Lowry continues to carry the weight for the Raptors with DeMar DeRozan ( adductor ) still sidelined .
The Suns ( 22 - 53 ) had to play this game without Devin Booker and Eric Bledsoe , as they did n't have enough in the arsenal to pull out the upset win .
Elfrid Payton ( three points , seven assists , a rebound and a steal ) and Channing Frye ( four points , six rebounds , two assists ) simply could n't get anything significant going to help Orlando 's cause .
Joakim Noah had one of his best games as a Knick , accruing 10 points and 10 rebounds in just 14 minutes of action .
Devin Booker was the only other starter besides Len to manage double - digit scoring for the visitors , collecting 13 points , two rebounds , an assist and a steal .
Carmelo Anthony and Justin Holiday 's 17 - point efforts led the Knicks .
For the Thunder 's Victor Oladipo , his monster 29 - point night is just the second time in the last nine games where the shooting guard has managed to score over 20 points .
Most Valuable Player award candidate James Harden continued his dominant season , as he recorded 25 points , 10 assists and six rebounds .
Ryan Anderson went 4 - of - 11 from long range on his way to 14 points , along with eight rebounds , in 32 minutes .
Seven players came off the bench for Dallas , including J.J. Barea , who made his return after missing 20 games with a calf injury .
Holiday had a chance for redemption as time expired , but his 27 - foot three - point attempt could n't find the net .
Both teams play on Tuesday , as the Blazers host the Brooklyn Nets ( 15 - 41 ) , while the Jazz host the Houston Rockets ( 28 - 28 ) .
The Lakers will host the Warriors on Friday , while the Thunder will visit the Nuggets in Denver .
Marcus Smart put in arguably the best game of his career in the Celtics ' loss .
Toronto 's outstanding defense has been one of the keys to their highly successful season , and their current position as the second seed in the Eastern_Conference .
Meanwhile , Cleveland will be playing host to the historic San_Antonio Spurs .
The Grizzlies outrebounded the Lakers 47 - 38 , outshot them 51 percent to 41 percent and outassisted them 24 - 14 .
Enes Kanter posted a 17 - point , 10 - rebound double - double off the bench .
Jordan did return to play another eight minutes and finished the game with nine points and seven rebounds .
New Year 's Day saw a career night for Portland shooting guard C.J .
The 76ers have now dropped three straight and will face the Memphis Grizzlies on Saturday .
The Warriors ( 21 - 4 ) are coming off their worst loss of the season , so a comeback win is all they could ask for to get right back on track .
Jeff Green had one of his best games in a Clipper uniform , as he accumulated 17 points , six rebounds and four assists .
Reggie Jackson had multiple attempts to put a much quicker end to Sunday 's game , but missed final shots at the end of regulation , as well as the first overtime .
The Timberwolves ( 2 - 6 ) have been one of the biggest disappointments this season and it 's a wonder when they 'll pull out of this hole .
Hey Warriors , there ’ s a new offensive juggernaut on the block , albeit an unlikely one .
For Anthony , however , this is a less common occurrence , with Tuesday being his first double - double since late January .
He added 11 rebounds , three assists , a steal and four blocks in one of his best games of the season .
The Clippers did not let up and held the lead for the rest of the way , ending Chicago 's four - game win streak and bolstering their own record to 9 - 1 in their last 10 games .
The Jazz remain in third place in the Western_Conference 's Northwest Division , and are just a game behind the eighth - seeded Dallas Mavericks .
The Suns had six players finish in double - digits , but after fighting for a win against the San Antonio Spurs on Friday , the Suns did n't have enough fight to sweep their back - to - back set .
In a battle of Western_Conference hopefuls , this was a beautiful game at times and an ugly game at others .
Greg Monroe led the Bucks bench with 13 points , and Malcolm Brogdon followed with 12 .
Dante Exum scored a career - high 12 points off the bench .
Rebounding was the glaring difference in the game , with Utah wining that battle , 52 - 27 .
Orlando seemed to ride Vucevic 's hot hand all night , as he took a game - high 19 shots .
The Miami Heat defeated the Indiana Pacers , 113 - 95 , at American_Airlines_Arena on Saturday night .
These are two teams battling for a playoff spot in the East and it had that sort of atmosphere .
Portland outscored the Thunder by 14 in the fourth to win a tough game that came down to the wire and may go down as one of the most entertaining games of the season .
The Heat outscored the Nuggets 52 - 33 in the second half in an impressive comeback win .
The problem for Westbrook , however , is that he shot just 9 - of - 26 from the field , 3 - of - 12 from behind the arc and committed eight turnovers , leading to an overall sloppy performance from the All-Star point guard .
No starter scored more than 12 points for the Mavs who had dropped four straight games coming in to Friday .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 10 - 6 ) defeated the Boston Celtics ( 7 - 7 ) 121 - 97 on Tuesday .
First-round pick Emmanuel Mudiay paced Denver with 15 points and did cut down his turnovers to a respectable four after being charged with 11 in the opener .
Eric Bledsoe was the team 's best player though , as he accumulated 19 points , eight rebounds and eight assists .
Despite the late - game struggles , Wall still dished out 11 assists and has posted six consecutive double - doubles .
The Denver Nuggets took down the host Los_Angeles Lakers on Tuesday , 127 - 121 .
All in all , the Magic appear to be clicking , as they now have a substantial win streak and sit two games above .500 .
Bazemore drilled a key jumper with 7 seconds remaining to help seal the win and cap off a stellar 51 percent shooting night for Atlanta .
The Warriors were also on the second night of a back - to - back , and were missing Draymond Green due to an ankle contusion that he suffered the previous night .
Norris Cole surprised Heat fans after he took the starting point guard position from last years ' starter Mario Chalmers .
The sixth - year pro also added four rebounds and a steal to his stat line .
DeMar DeRozan had a frustrating day from the field , sinking only five of 19 attempts .
DeAndre Jordan only scored seven points , but snatched down 18 rebounds .
DeMarcus Cousins went bonkers in the win , as he accumulated 37 points , 20 rebounds , and four blocks .
The Pistons on the other hand have lost two straight , and five of their last six games .
The Boston Celtics defeated the Memphis Grizzlies , 113 - 103 , at TD_Garden on Tuesday .
The Mavericks have a quick turnaround as they will travel to Denver to take on the Nuggets on Wednesday .
Four players scored at least 20 points for the Mavericks , with Devin Harris , Chandler Parsons and Dirk Nowitzki joining Ellis in accomplishing the feat .
The Chicago Bulls defeated the host Los_Angeles Lakers , 118 - 110 , at Staples_Center on Sunday .
Houston 's 16 turnovers per game is one of the highest marks in the NBA this year , but they have been so effective with their ball movement and assist numbers that it has n't really mattered .
David Lee missed his second straight game with a hamstring injury .
With both Rodney Stuckey ( ankle ) and George Hill ( upper respiratory infection ) sidelined , C.J .
The starters amassed just 54 points in this game and that simply wo n't get it done in the NBA .
In the midst of a five - game losing streak and with their grip on a Western_Conference seed growing increasingly tenuous , Mavericks head coach Rick Carlisle decided to call an audible with his starting five against one of the hottest teams in the league .
Elfrid Payton joined Vucevic on the team 's double - double club from the night , posting 18 points , 10 assists , three rebounds , two steals and a block .
There was nothing average about their performance on Sunday , though , as they took down the visiting Sixers with ease .
The win , along with a Celtics win , leaves the Nets in a tie for the final playoff spot in the Eastern_Conference , but they are losing the tiebreaker to Boston .
The Mavs were already without Rajon Rondo ( face ) , who is out until after the All-Star break .
George Hill did not start , but did come off the bench after missing the past three games , and added 8 points in four assists in 32 minutes .
A back - and - forth battle in the final minutes culminated in a game - winner for Kings point guard Darren Collison .
Jackson had a surprising season - high 11 rebounds , but shot only 3 - for - 11 from the field .
Washington actually recorded a season - high 17 steals , with four starters grabbing at least three apiece .
Timberwolves head coach Tom Thibodeau has been known since his days in Chicago as someone who plays his starters heavy minutes , and the same thing appears to be happening with his young legs in Minnesota .
Harrison Barnes was reserved to the bench and is being given slightly more minutes , as he eases his way back after missing 16 games with an ankle injury .
After losing the first two quarters Sunday , the Raptors moved Terrence Ross to the bench for the second half and started Greivis Vasquez in his place .
The Hawks ( 26 - 18 ) have now won nine of their last 11 games , as they continue to climb up the standings .
McCollum was n't far behind , as he totaled 24 points , four rebounds and five assists .
Despite being under - manned up front , the Rockets were able to out - rebound the Suns 47 - 39 .
The Bucks , who shot 47 percent from the floor and 25 percent ( 5 - of - 20 ) from three , trailed by four entering the fourth quarter but were never able to completely erase the lead .
The Jazz will host the 76ers on Thursday , while the Lakers will host the Mavericks .
The Timberwolves are idle Wednesday before hosting the Kings on New Year 's Day .
The Trail_Blazers fell to 11 - 17 and remain in fourth place in the Western_Conference 's Northwest Division .
The Lakers committed 17 turnovers in the loss and that 's too many when you only draw 10 of your own .
The Blazers ( 23 - 35 ) are battling for the eight - seed in the west and overtime losses like this are devastating for that pursuit .
The New_York Knicks ( 10 - 10 ) evened out their record to .500 on Friday , defeating the Broooklyn Nets ( 5 - 14 ) 108 - 91 in a New_York City showdown .
In fact , the Rockets won all four quarters en route to their 22 - point win .
The Heat had to comeback to win , as they outscored the Hornets , 27 - 15 , in the fourth quarter .
This allowed Aaron Gordon to ease his way in to his sophomore season by coming off the bench .
Knight started alongside Eric Bledsoe , who approached a triple - double with 21 points , 10 assists and seven rebounds .
The host Brooklyn Nets took down the Atlanta Hawks , 91 - 85 , on Sunday .
Meanwhile , T.J. Warren continues to make a run at being the NBA 's most improved player , scoring 18 points — the fourth time in five games he has done so .
It was a big win , as they will be fighting against the Pelicans to secure one of the last spots in the Western_Conference playoffs moving forward .
The Golden_State Warriors ( 160 ) crushed the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 2 - 12 ) 111 - 77 on Tuesday to set a league record for the most consecutive wins to start a season .
Gasol 's three - point renaissance is just one component of Memphis 's increasingly three - heavy offense .
James Harden posted another monster triple - double , accumulating 40 points , 12 rebounds and 10 assists .
When Gasol scores less than 15 points , the Grizzlies struggle to find ways to win games .
The Blazers ( 28 - 36 ) are battling for the eight - seed in the west and blown leads like this wo n't help that pursuit .
The Clippers came into this game on a nine - game winning streak but none of those wins came against a team with a record better than .500 .
The four steals were a new season - high for him , as he was productive on both sides of the ball Monday .
Second-year player Ben McLemore continues to struggle for the Kings , as his two - point outing here brought his season averages to 4 points , 2 rebounds , and 1 assists in nearly 19 minutes per game .
On deck for Miami is a home matchup against the Charlotte Hornets on Wednesday .
Cleveland is happy to have Kyrie Irving back in the fold and that couldn ’ t have been more evident than with this performance here .
The Thunder will visit the Atlanta Hawks on Monday , while the Pelicans will host the Memphis Grizzlies .
While Kemba Walker was forced to sit out a second straight game with a knee issue , Al Jefferson returned from a nine - game absence with a groin injury .
The Clippers , still without star Blake Griffin ( quad ) , have had no problem keeping up , and are now winners of eight straight .
They had to play this game without Bradley Beal again , as he recovers from a facial injury and potential concussion .
The Thunder will try and regroup before they play the Jazz on Saturday , and the Spurs will host the Mavericks on Friday .
His final bucket capped off a season - high 35 points and 14 rebounds .
The game marked the return of Kyrie Irving to the court for the first time since suffering a fractured kneecap in last season 's NBA Finals .
Mudiay finished with a career - high 30 points , also grabbing eight rebounds .
Minnesota ended their three - game losing streak with this win .
LA forward Blake Griffin was the game 's biggest offensive contributor , scoring 26 points and dishing six assists to go along with 10 rebounds .
The Knicks have now lost six of their last eight games and the surprise team is starting to look more like what people expected .
All five Utah starters scored in double figures , led by 20 points and 14 rebounds from Alec Burks .
Mason Plumlee also had a great game , as he tallied 15 points , 13 rebounds , and six assists in the win .
The host Portland Trail_Blazers took down the Houston Rockets on Thursday , 117 - 107 .
Phoenix has responded after a rough start to the post All-Star push with two victories in two nights .
The Cleveland Cavaliers defeated the Miami Heat , 114 - 84 , at Quicken_Loans_Arena on Friday .
Turner scored a career - high 31 points while also snatching down eight boards with Young amassing 16 points and eight assists .
He failed to get very much playing time with his old team , so he 's thriving in his new role .
Washington also came into Thursday 's matchup having lost four of their last five ; however , their slide did not show signs of stopping .
He is unarguably the star of the team , but C.J .
Portland is 4 - 2 in February and currently holds the Western_Conference 's third - best overall record .
The outing was Davis 's 11th game of 25 points and 10 rebounds on the season .
DeAndre Jordan scored just seven points , but snatched down 18 rebounds .
Point guard Elfrid Payton recorded a triple - double , his third in six games .
Josh Richardson amassed 15 points , three rebounds and five assists , but missed a game - tying three at the buzzer .
The Bucks ( 42 - 39 ) came in looking to put a couple of wins together before the postseason in order to have some momentum heading in to the second season .
Veteran star Dirk Nowitzki ( Achilles ) remains out , leaving a hole in the lineup for the injury - riddled Mavs .
It marked his second double - double in a row and fourth on the season , as the inexperienced centers on the Knicks ' roster were n't able to limit him .
Up next , the Lakers will head to Oklahoma_City Tuesday to take on the streaking Thunder , while the 76ers will travel to Sacramento and play the Kings on Tuesday .
LaMarcus Aldridge continued to be a force for the Blazers , as the Nuggets did n't have an answer .
On deck for the Knicks is a road matchup with the Houston Rockets on Saturday .
The host Denver Nuggets cruised past the Brooklyn Nets on Friday , 129 - 109 .
Towns ’ deft 59 percent shooting ( 17 - for - 29 ) over his first two career games has also been an eye - opener .
As the Celtics looked to rip off scoring runs , Bryant kept the Lakers within striking distance , as he finished with 34 points , four rebounds , one assist and three steals on 11 - of - 28 shooting .
The Pistons ( 24 - 28 ) continued to play the good basketball they 've been playing as of late , notching their third win in four games .
Two undefeated records to open the season and only one was going to leave with that sterling mark still in tact .
Derrick Rose was second on the team , with his 18 points , three rebounds and four assists .
Greg Monroe has completed his two - game suspension and will return for the Pistons for Saturday 's game against the Brooklyn Nets .
The Raptors ' next game is on the road against the Orlando Magic on Saturday .
The veteran got the call in Goran Dragic 's stead , who was sidelined with multiple hand injuries .
The Jazz ( 33 - 19 ) have n't had all their pieces fully healthy much this season , but a win like this shows how scary they can be at full tilt .
What Phoenix will like most about this win is the defense , as they have been terrible defensively all season .
Memphis moved back into a tie with Houston for the second seed in the West with the victory Friday .
The Celtics also saw the return of injured shooting guard Avery Bradley , who had missed the previous week of play with an achilles injury .
After a day off , the Nuggets finish up a two - game road trip against the Orlando Magic .
Nick Young 's 26 points led Los_Angeles , and Lou Williams followed with a bench - leading 21 points .
They made it a game late , but Bledsoe sank four free - throws in the final 10 seconds to end the Blazers ' hopes of a comeback victory .
Russell Westbrook added another triple - double to his tally , collecting 29 points , 12 rebounds and 11 assists .
Jimmy Butler was the only player to score more than 15 points for the Bulls as he finished with 26 points , along with nine rebounds , four assists and two steals , in 36 minutes .
Jusuf Nurkic got the start despite dealing with a back injury , but ended up playing only 18 minutes and finished with six points ( 2 - 6 FG , 2 - 2 FT ) and nine rebounds .
As their final point total would indicate , Washington enjoyed a strong shooting night , tallying a 50 percent success rate from the field , as well as 48 percent from behind the arc .
They drew a good matchup with which to accomplish that goal , as the Hornets ( 36 - 45 ) announced earlier in the day that Kemba Walker ( knee ) would sit out the remaining two games of the regular season .
Both teams came into this game injury - riddled and on the second night of a back - to - back .
Matthews poured in 28 points and was 6 - for - 11 from beyond the arc , his second - best total from long range this season .
The Trail_Blazers head back home to tangle with the Philadelphia 76ers on Thursday evening , while the Thunder are home against the San_Antonio Spurs on the same night .
It may be getting to a point where Barton would be better implemented into the starting - five with their recent struggles .
The Mavericks have a quick turnaround , as they play the Los_Angeles Clippers on Monday in their next game .
Reigning MVP Steph Curry had 28 points to lead the team , while also contributing seven rebounds and seven assists .
Dwayne Wade checked in second behind Butler with 20 points , seven assists , four rebounds and a block .
Alex Len followed with an 11 - point , 11 - rebound double - double .
The Thunder return home to face off with the Minnesota Timberwolves on Christmas Night , while the Celtics head to the Big Apple to take on the Knicks for a Christmas Day showdown .
The Bucks ( 21 - 26 ) have now lost eight of their last nine games , as the growing pains for this young team hurt as much as ever .
The Bucks recorded 30 total assists on 41 made field goals , and the win leaves them as the No . 6 seed in the Eastern_Conference , which is likely where they will stay as the season comes to an end .
The Memphis Grizzlies defeated the host Atlanta Hawks , 103 - 91 , at Philips_Arena on Thursday .
McCollum was great as well , as he amassed 21 points , six assists and three rebounds .
Arron Afflalo got hot from the floor for the Nuggets , going 7 - for - 13 from the field and 4 - for - 7 from the three - point line to score a team - high of 20 points .
Jonas Valanciunas , the fourth leading field goal percentage holder , fouled out in less than 10 minutes The Heat shot 24 - of - 44 from the free - throw line .
Steven Adams recorded a double - double of his own , totaling 13 points and 10 rebounds .
DeMar DeRozan carried Toronto , as he tallied 22 points , three rebounds and four assists .
Third-year forward Julius Randle , meanwhile , had a double - double with 23 points and 12 rebounds .
The Celtics ' recent success has come even without Isaiah Thomas ( back ) , who 's missed the last four games .
On deck for the Grizzlies is a road matchup with the Denver Nuggets on Sunday .
In his second game with the Thunder , Waiters finished with 15 points and four steals in 27 minutes off the bench .
Mason Plumlee came close to a triple - double as he tallied 12 points , 14 rebounds and eight assists , in 33 minutes .
The second - year swingman shot 6 - of - 11 from the field and 6 - of - 7 from the line .
Devin Booker led the team in scoring , as he dropped 30 points on 12 - of - 26 shooting .
Nelson returned to the starting lineup and played 28 minutes .
Meager 17 - for - 28 shooting from the free - throw line did n't help the team 's case .
James Harden continued his magnificent season Wednesday .
George has looked dominant since missing the bulk of the 2014 - 15 season with a leg fracture , posting averages of 24 points and 9 rebounds per game .
Stoudemire has been one of the lone bright spots for the Knicks this season .
Phoenix found a majority of their production off the bench for their second game in a row .
Asik contributed a lowly five points , to go along with four rebounds in the unimpressive performance .
Derrick Rose caps off the `` big three `` , with 20 points .
The Warriors ( 50 - 9 ) were the first team to clinch a playoff berth last week and this win guaranteed another 50 - win season .
Hassan Whiteside accumulated 12 points , 19 rebounds , two blocks and two steals .
The Hornets have been playing some of the best basketball in the NBA right now , but the Cavaliers are simply better .
The Spurs ( 34 - 9 ) are now 18 - 4 on the road , as they continue their quiet success .
Games overseas always have interesting results and it was clear the Pacers were none too pleased to be playing in London .
The 11 assists were a season - high for him .
DeMarcus Cousins was quiet with only 11 points , four rebounds and four assists , in 25 minutes .
Brooklyn stopped a three - game skid with the win .
Nikola Mirotic was a difference maker off the bench , amassing 17 points , 11 rebounds , two steals and two blocks on just seven shots .
The Magic put up 18 points in overtime to walk away with their second win of the season , and saw a total of six players score in double - digits .
On deck for the Thunder is a matchup against the Minnesota Timberwolves on Saturday , which is the start of a five - game homestand .
Chicago won the rebounding battle 43 - 42 but surrendered 13 offensive rebounds , nine of which came courtesy of Drummond .
Beal was hitting from all over the floor and finished with a game - high 33 points on 13 - of - 20 shooting in 33 minutes .
Marc Gasol shot just 4 - of - 14 from the field , but still totaled 17 points , six rebounds and seven assists .
Allen Crabbe was the unusual standout off the bench and led his team in scoring with 21 points .
This gives Dallas six - straight wins and they are going into the playoffs with a fury .
The Thunder start a six - game road trip on Friday against the Minnesota Timberwolves .
The loss for the Jazz ended a six - game winning streak , but Utah has still won nine of its last 11 games .
Nerlens Noel had the best game of his rookie career Saturday .
Kris Humphries missed Sunday 's game and has not played since late February .
The statistics would indicate a Sacramento win , but they simply couldn ’ t do enough to pull out a big road victory .
He 's now had two impressive games in a row , combining for 53 points , 10 rebounds and 13 assists .
The Charlotte Hornets ( 12 - 24 ) defeated the Boston Celtics ( 11 - 21 ) 104 - 95 on Monday at the TD_Garden in Boston .
Khris Middleton had another great game , as he tallied 25 points , five rebounds and seven assists .
The Pacers ( 42 - 40 ) came into Wednesday 's game with their playoff hopes cleanly laid out for them : they win and they 're in .
Injuries also riddled Utah heading into Monday , as Derrick Favors ( back ) was sidelined .
Thomas Robinson has been the teams best player over recent weeks , but he left early due to a knee injury .
The Clippers are now 3 games behind the Grizzlies for the second seed in the West .
After missing all of his shots ( 0 - 7 FG , 0 - 4 3Pt ) during Sunday 's game against the Grizzlies , it was a night and day difference for the guard .
However , he was forced from the game after 22 minutes with a left knee contusion .
The Pacers have won two of three and will look to keep it going Friday night at New_Orleans .
The Celtics ( 40 - 22 ) have now won three of four , as they continue to battle Cleveland for the top - spot in the east .
The Nets next travel to Minnesota to take on the Timberwolves on Saturday night , while the Cavaliers are home against the Oklahoma_City Thunder on Sunday afternoon .
Jameer Nelson filled - in spectacularly for Mudiay , as he tallied 20 points , seven assists and six rebounds off the bench .
Both teams will play at home on Thursday , with the Grizzlies facing the Clippers and the Pelicans facing the Suns .
Kobe Bryant also had another terrible game , as he shot just 1 - for - 14 to accumulate four points in the loss .
Jamal Murray added another strong performance in 20 minutes off the bench , where the rookie scored 17 points , to go along with five rebounds and three assists .
Strong defensive play contributed to the differential , as Miami stole the ball 14 times in total .
The Suns ( 18 - 15 ) had their six - game winning streak snapped .
Kyle Lowry had his best game of the season .
Rudy Gay ( Achilles ) and Darren Collison ( quad ) were able to return to action after sitting out the Kings ' previous two games .
Brandon Rush remained in the starting lineup , as Luke Walton noted that his strong play is deserving while Harrison Barnes eases his way back .
Omer Asik had a strange line , as he grabbed 10 rebounds , but failed to record another stat .
The Spurs have won 11 of their last 12 games and look to continue rolling as they visit Milwaukee to take on the Bucks on Monday .
While the Clippers have been playing extraordinarily well without Blake Griffin ( quad ) and DeAndre Jordan ( illness ) , the continued absence took full effect at home on Saturday .
In the first NBA game of the season across seas , the Nuggets put it to the Pacers in this 28 - point blowout .
Portland on the other hand does not play until Sunday , when they host Detroit .
They also outrebounded the Suns 53 - 30 and it was a mismatch on all cylinders .
Miami dodged a bullet when Wade returned to action and finished the game having played 33 minutes .
Things have been rough for both these teams lately , but the Pistons are certainly in the better position as they are in the midst of a battle for eighth spot in the East , while the Kings are slipping into oblivion .
The Pacers ( 36 - 36 ) had traded off wins and losses in their previous 15 games , but this defeat snapped that streak .
The statistics in this game were bizarre to say the least and the swings alone show just why .
Toronto will take on The Grizzlies on Friday , while Atlanta will have a long break before taking the floor on Tuesday against the Suns .
Damian Lillard was the only Blazer with more than 14 points , as he tallied 22 points , seven rebounds and three assists .
Meanwhile , the Hawks hardly resembled a squad that won a franchise - best 60 games a season ago .
Monta Ellis could n't shake off his shooting slump at a crucial moment in the fourth , missing an open look from three that could have tied the game with under 30 seconds remaining .
Vucevic was n't the only stellar performer coming from Orlando 's bench .
Dwight Howard is continuing to look like his old , healthy self over the start of his 2016 - 17 campaign .
The Kings will host the Atlanta Hawks ( 26 - 17 ) on Thursday .
The Pelicans will host the Portland Trail_Blazers ( 11 - 18 ) on Wednesday , while the Nuggets will welcome Kobe Bryant and the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 4 - 23 ) on Tuesday .
While the Knicks have already been eliminated from playoff contention , the Grizzlies continue to sit comfortable in the top half of the Western_Conference standings .
The sophomore has seen a big improvement to his scoring game , establishing himself as the team 's primary option on offense .
DeRozan , meanwhile , stuffed the stat sheet , coming away with 10 rebounds , seven assists , and three steals .
Like Wade , Carmelo Anthony came into this matchup after sitting out two games with a back injury .
The Warriors ( 36 - 6 ) have now won five straight and nine of their last ten .
Tyreke Evans was back in the lineup after missing games with a sore knee .
In fact , the Hawks finished the game on a 19 - 4 run to win by five .
The Kings dropped to 1 - 5 on the season and remain in last place in the Western_Conference ’ s Pacific Division .
The Cavaliers are in fifth place in the Eastern_Conference standings , 12 games behind the conference - leading Atlanta Hawks .
Boston will look to rebound on Wednesday , when they host the Dallas Mavericks for their next game .
Bradley Beal has been out since the preseason with a broken wrist , but he is expected to make his debut next Friday .
The final scoreline is slightly misrepresentative of the overall feel for the game , as the Warriors were the faster , more efficient team .
The Memphis Grizzlies ( 13 - 2 ) defeated the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 3 - 12 ) 99 - 93 on Wednesday at the Staples_Center in Los_Angeles .
Utah will play host to the equally hot Boston Celtics on Friday .
Rudy Gay scored 21 points but left late in the third quarter with an Achilles ' tendon injury .
Beal shot a disappointing 5 - for - 9 from the free - throw line , but more than made up for it with his impressive shooting from the field ( 8 - of - 14 ) and his stellar defense ( four steals ) .
Beal played 33 minutes after missing the previous eight games due to a stress reaction in his foot , compiling eight points , six rebounds , five assists and three steals on 2 - of - 10 shooting .
Alex Len notched a double - double with 14 points and 10 rebounds .
Philadelphia learned on Friday that standout rookie Jahlil Okafor would miss the remainder of the season after undergoing surgery to repair a torn meniscus , and also knew that both Jerami Grant and Robert Covington would be sidelined Saturday under the concussion protocol after a scary collision with each other on Friday .
The Atlanta Hawks defeated the Orlando Magic , 113 - 86 , at Philips_Arena on Saturday .
Payton continued his stellar rookie season with seven , assists , seven rebounds , four steals and one block .
The Bulls were a heavy favorite in this game against a shorthanded Lakers team , but they clearly looked rusty with five days off .
The Oklahoma_City Thunder defeated the Sacramento Kings 122 - 118 at Golden_1_Center on Sunday .
The Pistons ( 13 - 12 ) did a great job with a 68 - 47 second half to secure their fifth road win of the season and split their two - game road trip .
The Heat ( 35 - 36 ) have now won 24 of their last 30 games , as Miami have become one of the most dangerous teams in the league .
Utah has been living off their defense , but this is just one of those games you have to tip your cap to the better team .
Justin Anderson had one of the best games of his career as well , as he amassed 19 points and 10 rebounds .
Rondae Hollis-Jefferson matched Lin 's point total and added seven rebounds , two assists , three steals and two blocks .
Overall , it was n't a great night for Memphis on the offensive end .
Kobe Bryant was not as effective as he was the other night against Washington , this time finishing with 14 points on 4 - 19 shooting , along with five assists , three rebounds , two steals and two blocked shots .
McCollum was the player of the game , as he accumulated 31 points , five rebounds and five assists .
48 - 43 , and doubling up the Nets in offensive rebounds .
The Spurs tied the 1985 - 86 Boston Celtics for the best home record in a season in NBA history .
It was a low - scoring game as the Lakers met the Jazz in Utah on Thursday .
Cousins finished with a team - high 21 points and eight rebounds in 31 minutes as the only starter to reach double figures .
Rudy Gobert was huge late in the game , and finished with 19 points and 11 rebounds , as he helped the Jazz seal the deal , with some key offensive boards .
The Nuggets commence a three - game road trip Saturday against the Portland Trail_Blazers .
Mason Plumlee finished with a solid double - double including 11 points and 10 rebounds , along with six assists , one steal and one block , in 26 minutes .
The Cavaliers ( 36 - 15 ) have now won six of their last seven games , as this comeback shows just how scary they can be .
The 44 three - point attempts for the Nets were a franchise record , topping their previous high of 40 .
It 's a strange occurrence , but it shows the talent that this young teams has .
J.R. Smith continues to improve in each game and turned in a season - high 26 points ( 10 - 16 FG , 6 - 10 3Pt ) .
Andre Iguodala came off the bench to pitch in 20 on an ultraefficient 7 - 8 shooting , and Draymond Green notched 16 points and 10 assists and finished just three rebounds away from a triple - double .
Harden was an absolute force on Monday .
The team also found strength in the passing game , recording 28 team assits .
DeAndre Jordan owned the paint with 15 rebounds , four blocked shots , and of course , some nasty dunks .
Both teams play on Friday , as the Thunder host the Memphis Grizzlies , while the Bulls visit the Houston Rockets .
Things do n't get any easier for Denver , as they play the San_Antonio Spurs for their next game on Thursday .
The Heat head to Oklahoma_City to take on the Thunder on Monday night , while the Raptors await the Sacramento Kings for a Sunday evening tilt .
The Nuggets ( 17 - 24 ) had their three - game win streak snapped in San_Antonio .
On deck for the Pelicans is a home matchup against the Indiana Pacers on Thursday .
The loss comes at an inopportune time for Atlanta , who had been just one game back from second place in the Eastern_Conference prior to Friday 's loss .
The Sixers will look to grab that second elusive win when they take on the Chicago Bulls on Monday as huge underdogs .
Nene Hilario got the start and finished second on the team with 21 points , six rebounds and two assists on 10 - of - 13 shooting .
In fact , Booker scored the final eight points for Phoenix , as he hit a game - winning jumper at the buzzer to seal the win .
The 76ers are still winless on the road this season and therefore should be glad to be finishing up their current three - game road trip with a match in Atlanta on Wednesday .
Wilson Chandler continues to dominate off the bench , as his 25 points and 10 rebounds add to his averages of 24 points and 9 rebounds over his last three games .
The Pelicans dropped to 0 - 6 and reside in last place in the Western_Conference ’ s Southwest Division .
Those three turnovers actually set a franchise record for the Mavericks , as their franchise - low was four before this game .
This is the second game in a row where they allowed a double - digit underdog to hang around and score over 110 points .
The best player for the Sixers on this night was Nik Stauskas , who totaled 15 points , three assists and two rebounds in the defeat .
Jrue Holiday was n't far behind , amassing 30 points , nine rebounds , seven assists and three blocks .
The second and fourth quarters is when Atlanta made their mark , as they outscored Philadelphia 66 - 39 in that 24 - minute stretch The Hawks shot over 50 percent from the field and recorded 31 assists on their 48 made baskets .
The host Milwaukee Bucks took down the Los_Angeles Lakers on Friday , 107 - 103 .
Isaiah Thomas was n't far behind , as he accrued 21 points and seven assists of his own .
Kevin Durant was certainly not reaching when he said that he sees them as a legitimate title contender .
The visitors checked in to the Christmas Day showdown without Chris Paul ( hamstring ) , who missed his second straight game , and Blake Griffin , who is in for a multi - week absence due to his recent knee surgery .
The performance was Jokic 's first 30 - point game of the regular season and his third double - double in as many games .
Meanwhile , the Mavericks ( 11 - 26 ) have now dropped two straight and fall to 7 - 11 at home , as they finished up a three - game home stand with a 1 - 2 record .
D'Angelo Russell shot just 4 - of - 14 from the field , but still accumulated 14 points , three rebounds , six assists and three steals .
Toronto ended March on a two - game win streak after they went 5 - 8 to begin the month .
DeMarcus Cousins had a lackluster game , as he tallied just 16 points , seven rebounds and four assists while battling foul trouble .
Brandon Knight made his return in well over a month , as he scored 10 points off the bench .
After dealing with a calf injury over the past week , Samuel Dalembert got the start at center and played in 22 minutes , going scoreless with eight rebounds and an assist .
The Suns have now lost five games on buzzer beating shots , but this one may have ended their playoff hopes for good .
The Suns have been slipping and are 1 - 9 in their last 10 games .
The Grizzlies will visit the Warriors on Friday , while the Clippers will take on the Kings .
Utah , meanwhile , was shorthanded due to an abundance of injuries .
The Rockets ( 25 - 9 ) have been dominant on offense all season , but this 140 - spot marked their high of the year .
Utah has lost two straight , and while they have tons of talent on their roster , it looks like the Jazz will be focusing on development this season instead of fighting for a playoff spot .
The Jazz got their biggest offensive contribution from Rodney Hood , who led this team to the close victory .
Kyle Korver equaled a season - high with 17 points , and added four rebounds , an assist and two steals .
DeAndre Jordan recorded a double - double , totaling 14 points , 18 rebounds and two blocks .
Dirk Nowitzki led all scorers , as he finished with 30 points in the loss .
Trevor Ariza finished with 20 points ( 7 - 10 FG , 4 - 7 3Pt ) , this being the second game in a row he scored over 15 points .
Toronto was playing their first game without DeMar DeRozan this season .
The visiting Toronto Raptors defeated the Los_Angeles Lakers on Sunday , 123 - 114 .
The Cavaliers have a meeting in Indiana with the Pacers on Friday , the team that snapped their 12 - game winning streak earlier this month .
The Grizzlies made their presence felt down low , as they won the rebounding battle , 58 - 52 , and outscored the Blazers in the paint , 40 - 26 .
The Bucks ( 20 - 23 ) played this game with Jabari Parker and Malcolm Brogdon coming off the bench for disciplinary issues and that clearly put them too far behind the eight - ball to overcome .
The Lakers were just too young and inexperienced in their frontcourt , as Chandler was able to have a field day .
The hold a half - game lead over the Chicago Bulls for third - best record in the East , a matchable number if the Bulls defeat the Philadelphia 76ers on Saturday night .
The Raptors , once solidly holding second place in the East , have slipped to third behind Cleveland and Boston in the standings .
The Suns will have another chance to get a win against a playoff team on Sunday when they take on the Mavericks .
The Pacers ( 26 - 22 ) typically rely on Paul George to spearhead their offensive attack , and more often than not , that approach provides very favorable returns .
Clint Capela posted a season - high 20 points as well on 10 - of - 19 shooting .
With this win , the Grizzlies take a 2 - 1 lead in the season series and more importantly overtake the Jazz , for fifth place in the Western_Conference standings .
The big shot of the night came from Kyle Korver , who moved into a tie with Rashard Lewis for ninth on the NBA/ABA all - time 3 - pointers made list with his 1,787th career trey .
Steven Adams posted a 16 - point , 13 - rebound double - double .
Arron Afflalo started his first game with the Trail_Blazers following Wesley Matthews ’ season - ending injury .
Forward Derrick Favors , meanwhile , is on a minutes restriction after recently returning from a knee injury .
An integral component of their success has been the play of stalwart point guard Kemba Walker and offseason acquisition Nicolas Batum , with the latter making a considerable impact in a Hornets uniform now that he 's fully recovered from the wrist problems that plagued him throughout his final campaign in Portland .
On deck for the Bulls is a road matchup against the Denver Nuggets on Tuesday .
He recorded 24 points , eight rebounds and three blocks against the Heat .
Tyler Johnson did all he could to keep Miami in the game , as he tallied 27 points and five assists off the bench .
James had two blocks , six rebounds and zero points but led his team with a plus - 23 rating during his time on the court .
Trevor Booker returned to the lineup after sitting out their last game .
Cousins showed signs of taking his game to the next level , as he stretch the floor and shot an impressive 4 - of - 5 from behind the arc .
On deck for the Rockets is a matchup with the Chicago Bulls on Thursday .
Both teams play on Saturday , as the Spurs host the Brooklyn Nets , while the Bulls host the Miami Heat .
The Celtics saw Isaiah Thomas pace them with 27 points , which he complemented with four assists but no other statistics .
Aldridge was next with 21 points , seven rebounds , two assists and two blocks .
These are two of the hottest teams in the Western_Conference right now and New_Orleans showed that their season is still alive with this crucial win .
The Miami Heat defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers , 120 - 92 , at American_Airlines_Arena on Saturday night .
The most promising performance came from Serge Ibaka though , as he double - doubled in a 19 - point outing .
The Rockets fell to 16 - 17 and remain in fourth place in the Western_Conference 's Southwest Division .
Chicago plays host to the Mavericks , also on Tuesday .
The Raptors host the 76ers on Tuesday , in their last home game of the season .
This was a spectacular game from start to finish , as it was nip - and - tuck throughout .
Forward Kent Bazemore struggled in particular , shooting 0 - of - 6 from three - point range .
More impressively , Atlanta improved to 14 - 5 against opponents with records of .500 or better .
Prior to the game , the Knicks received the good news that Carmelo Anthony , who missed the previous two contests with an ankle sprain , would be able to take the court .
Devin Booker played hero , as he scored the Suns final eight points , including a game - winning jumper at the buzzer to seal things .
The Memphis Grizzlies will look to bounce back when they host the Denver Nuggets ( 12 - 23 ) on Friday .
The Sixers were further weakened up front by the absence of standout rookie Jahlil Okafor , who was serving the second game of a team - imposed two - game suspension for recent off - the - court issues .
Allen Crabbe was the best bench player , as he accrued 14 points , six rebounds and two assists .
Denver has tailed off after its five - game winning streak and has now dropped three in a row to further hurt its slim playoff chances .
The Pelicans ( 25 - 40 ) are now just 1 - 6 in games with DeMarcus Cousins , as they simply ca n't find any rhythm .
The Cleveland Cavaliers defeated the Memphis Grizzlies , 103 - 86 , at Quicken_Loans_Arena on Tuesday .
The Rockets also outscored the Bulls ( 31 - 34 ) by a whopping 69 - 30 margin over the second and third periods , sealing the win before the fourth quarter even began .
Dallas actually finished the game on a 20 - 6 run over the final eight minutes , as Los Angles seemingly could n't make a shot .
Washington will finish wrap up the regular season Wednesday in Cleveland .
The Jazz made their presence felt down low , as they won the rebounding differential , 46 - 37 and outscored them in the paint , 46 - 38 .
Randolph 's aforementioned 16 points paced the Memphis bench , and Mario Chalmers joined him as the other double - digit scoring reserve with 11 points .
Jonas Valanciunas was the star , as he accrued 25 points and 13 rebounds to lead Toronto .
The Jazz have struggled on offense all season , but this was easily their best showing of the 2016 - 17 campaign .
During his last two games , he 's combined for 45 points , nine rebounds and nine assists , as he 's stepped up with injuries to Ricky Rubio ( ankle ) and Kevin Martin ( hamstring ) .
The Heat ( 14 - 9 ) locked down the Hawks ( 14 - 12 ) in a 100 - 88 victory at Philips_Arena on Monday .
Rudy Gobert posted a double - double with 13 points and 11 rebounds , while throwing down some monster alley - oops .
Young 's shooting on the season sits at 53 percent , and his offense has been one of the bright spots of Brooklyn 's 2015 - 16 campaign .
Both Josh Smith and Greg Monroe had double - double 's , with Smith collecting 11 rebounds , four assists and three blocks .
Shabazz Muhammad supplied 12 , and Gorgui Dieng posted a 10 - point , 13 - rebound double - double .
The Nets pulled away with a 35 - point third quarter , climbing into the eighth spot in the Eastern_Conference , The Nets played the final game of their eight - game road trip , finishing 3 - 5 during that stretch .
Brook Lopez had one of his best games of the season as well , as he accumulated 27 points , eight rebounds and four assists .
Malcolm Brogdon was the only other player to score in double digits for the Bucks , as he chipped in 17 points , to go along with five rebounds and three assists .
Devin Booker followed up with 28 points , on 12 - of - 24 shooting , in 45 minutes .
Marcus Smart collected 12 points of his own , and complemented it with four rebounds , two assists and two steals .
The Celtics head home to face the Kings on Thursday ; the Heat get Kevin Durant and the Thunder .
The victory keeps Boston in the playoff chase , as they are tied with the Nets for the final playoff spot , but currently hold the tiebreaker .
Rebounding was a glaring difference , with OKC winning that battle , 54 - 25 .
DeMar DeRozan followed up with 23 points , seven rebounds , two assists , two steals and one block , in 37 minutes .
The loss for the Bulls was perhaps their worst defeat of the season as they allowed their highest 4th - quarter point total since 1997 .
Los_Angeles ( 14 - 3 ) had not lost on the road prior to Friday 's game .
On the injury front , the Raptors played another game without starting center Jonas Valanciunas , who missed a second consecutive contest with his bruised hand .
Cleveland , meanwhile , will visit the second - place Raptors on Friday for what should be an important matchup .
Defense however has been the story for the Celtics , who have been forcing opponents to a league - leading average of 17 turnovers per game .
Los_Angeles has won six games in a row , and they 're doing everything possible to keep pace with the Golden State Warriors in the division .
The Pelicans ( 16 - 24 ) learned earlier in the day that Anthony Davis would miss the contest with the hip injury that he suffered after a flagrant foul by the Knicks ' Kyle O'Quinn on Monday .
Ben McLemore had one of his best games of the season as well , as he scored 26 points while hitting five three - pointers in the loss .
He 's really picked up his play of late and is averaging 24 points and 6 rebounds over his last three games .
In their final back - to - back set before the All-Star break , Andrew Wiggins and Karl-Anthony Towns have carried the Timberwolves on their back offensively .
Miles was pulled out of Saturday 's game against the Philadelphia 76ers after only four minutes due to an eye injury , so it was good to see him back out on the court and getting a full games worth of playing time .
McCollum , who finished with 26 points on 10 - 15 shooting , along with four assists and two rebounds .
The Thunder will move on to Dallas where they will take on the Mavericks , on Wednesday .
The Celtics have some impressive young talent , but they 've lacked consistency from game to game .
The Houston Rockets defeated the host Memphis Grizzlies , 119 - 95 , at FedEx Forum on Saturday .
Gallinari has been averaging over 25 points a game since his return from injury and he was huge here , as he finished the game with 28 points in the win .
Devin Booker added 23 points of his own on 9 - of - 14 shooting from the field and 4 - of - 7 shooting from behind the arc .
The big man also had five rebounds and five assists in 28 minutes after sitting out to rest Wednesday .
For Schroder , it was just his second performance this season with at least 30 points , but after shooting 63 percent from the field Monday , the point guard has now shot over 50 percent in seven of his nine games in December after shooting a poor 42 percent from the field throughout November .
Jrue Holiday recorded a 12 - point , 11 - rebound double - double .
Emmanuel Mudiay followed with 12 points , two rebounds , two assists and a steal , as the only other starter besides Harris to manage double - digit scoring .
However , LaMarcus Aldridge had an excellent game with 30 points and 12 rebounds .
Washington is on a three - game win streak , which included wins against the Indiana Pacers , Detroit Pistons , and Orlando .
The Grizzlies also outscored the Lakers in the paint by the comfortable margin of 44 - 28 , and outrebounded them on the defensive glass , 34 - 28 .
Bargnani scored a team - high 21 points and two blocks before picking up his sixth foul .
It was a planned day of rest for Tim Duncan and Manu Ginobili , and they were joined on the bench by Marco Belinelli , who injured his groin in Wednesday 's game , and Tiago Splitter , who tried to return to action Wednesday but had to leave do to a flair up of his calf issue .
Ben Gordon was ejected for cursing at an official , and Nikola Vucevic earned his 29th double - double , second only to Paul Gasol .
The three - pointer was Young 's fourth of the night and gave him 17 points .
The Timberwolves had one of their best offensive performances of the season , but still couldn ’ t pull out a win .
Those numbers , however , are still subpar by Aldridge 's standards , as after averaging at least 21 points and eight rebounds in five straight years with Portland , the power forward 's numbers have dipped to 18 points and under seven rebounds per game .
Marc Gasol continued his stellar season , showing off his spectacular passing ability from the center position .
The reigning MVP did not take long to get going , as he put Kevin Durant on his heels with a behind - the - back dribble and drive early in the first quarter .
Unfortunately for Miami , Dion Waiters was forced to leave the game in the second quarter after rolling his ankle .
The refrain is a familiar one for the Hornets ( 19 - 14 ) , but does n't seem to get old : The dynamic duo of Kemba Walker and Nicolas Batum supply a significant portion of the offense , and the complementary pieces around them step up in support as needed .
The first and third quarters is where they really made their mark , as they outscored the Nuggets 67 - 41 in that 24 - minute span .
Now , since the All-Star break when the team traded for Cousins , Davis is averaging 29 points on 52 percent shooting from the field and 12 rebounds over 36 minutes per game .
Alex Poythress and Nik Stauskas followed with bench - leading 15 - point efforts , with the former adding a rebound and a steal and the latter registering two assists .
Wesley Johnson ( hip ) also sat out Friday but plans to return Sunday against the Trail_Blazers .
Both teams came into the game with notable changes to their respective starting lineups .
The Kings fell to 14 - 21 and remain in third place in the Western_Conference 's Pacific Division .
The Mavericks have a chance to regain some ground this week with two games against the Spurs , who lead them by a game in the race for the West 's sixth seed .
Marcus Smart logged another start for Avery Bradley ( Achilles ) and went for 16 points , five assists , four rebounds , four steals and a block .
The Thunder will begin a four - game road trip with a game in Dallas on Friday .
Sixth man Eric Gordon , meanwhile , continued to shoot three - pointers at a historic rate .
The Jazz saw big outings from a number of key players en route to one of their most decisive victories of the season on Friday .
It was also Davis 's eighth double - double of the season .
The Bulls are in third place in the Eastern_Conference 's Central Division , and dropped a half - game back of the now eighth - seeded Detroit Pistons with the loss .
The Nuggets head back home to do battle with the Golden_State Warriors on Monday night , while the Cavaliers head to Minnesota to tangle with the Timberwolves on Tuesday evening .
The Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 37 - 29 ) beat the Chicago Bulls ( 40 - 28 ) 109 - 100 in a matinee matchup at Chesapeake_Energy_Arena on Sunday .
They remain home for a date with the Timberwolves on Saturday .
28 rebounds and three double - digit scoring performances off the bench , however , allowed the Bulls to keep the game close .
With Wade out of the game , Mario Chalmers took over , scoring 19 points ( 7 - 16 FG , 0 - 3 3Pt , 5 - 7 ) , while adding eight assists and two steals .
Toronto will look to get back on track Friday in Charlotte as it starts a three - game road swing .
J.J. Barea gave one of his best performances of his career , as he tallied 26 points , five rebounds and seven assists .
The Thunder will take on the Grizzlies in Memphis on Wednesday , while the Nuggets will travel to Los_Angeles to play the Lakers on Tuesday .
The Nuggets , meanwhile , have been eliminated from playoff contention .
This is simply a bad team right now and if they do n't have Davis they 're even worse .
Things done get any easier for the Cavs , as they play the San_Antonio Spurs on the road for their next game on Monday .
The game marked Davis 's 11th outing with at least 25 points and 10 rebounds this season , and his fourth game of at least 40 points .
Jahlil Okafor had a game to forget , as he went 0 - of - 10 from the field en route to three points and 11 rebounds .
March has been a bad month for the Bucks .
Stoudemire led all scorers with 26 points ( 11 - 18 FG , 4 - 6 FT ) , while also grabbing five rebounds .
Aaron Gordon left Wednesday 's game with an ankle sprain and did n't return after recording six points in nine minutes of action in the first half .
Monta Ellis was on fire from three - point land , as he knocked down five of his seven shots from deep and finished with 25 points , six assists and five steals to lead the Pacers .
The Knicks ( 20 - 27 ) have been sliding lately , having now dropped five of their last seven .
The Celtics visit the Miami Heat ( 10 - 5 ) on Monday , while the Magic visit the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 8 - 9 ) on Tuesday .
For New_York ( 12 - 10 ) , meanwhile , the loss brought the team 's four - game win streak to an abrupt halt .
The Suns ( 21 - 42 ) achieved their first three - game winning streak of them season with this victory , as this stretch gives them some hope for the future .
Cousins , Collison , and forward Rudy Gay each added three three - pointers , contributing to the 12 made by the team on the night .
The Bucks will look to build on this win , as they look ahead to Monday , when they will play host to the Pistons .
In the frontcourt , Zaza Pachulia returned to the Bucks ' lineup after missing six games with a calf injury .
Never has that been more evident than Tuesday , when they exploded for a season - high point total .
The Bucks were averaging 96 points per game before Friday 's 83 - point effort , which marked the eighth time in the last nine games that they failed to reach the century mark on the scoreboard .
Ryan Anderson led Houston in scoring , as he totaled 27 points and seven rebounds .
The Atlanta Hawks defeated the Denver Nuggets , 117 - 106 , at Philips_Arena on Wednesday .
Kent Bazemore was right behind him with a 23 - point haul , which was complemented with eight rebounds , an assist and a pair of steals .
Rivers supplied five assists , three rebounds and a steal in addition to his 19 - point tally .
Beal went 9 - for - 17 from the field and 5 - for - 11 from the three - point line to score a season - high of 33 points .
On the other side , Indiana 's season - long scoring slump continued .
Meawhile , frontcourt mate Serge Ibaka 's 21 points were the most he 's notched in a Magic uniform and his two free throws with a second remaining sealed the win .
Thaddeus Young was the only starter in this game to shoot above 50 percent from the field , as he went 6 - for - 8 in a 14 - point , six - rebound performance .
The bench production is a rarity for this team and they 'll need more of that going forward .
The Bulls ( 26 - 28 ) continued to be the league 's most unpredictable team on Friday , following a rocky set of games by being decimated at the hands of the Suns .
Westbrook finished with 38 points , 13 rebounds , 12 assists and three steals to lead his squad to a big win .
The Eastern_Conference 's top team is now 5 - 6 in its last 11 games and is trending downwards despite strong play from its stars .
He is dialed in with his shot at the moment , shooting over 45 percent from the field and 40 percent from the three - point line in three of his last four games .
Ricky Rubio led the T-Wolves with 23 points on 8 - of - 14 shooting .
Nikola Mirotic also played well , as he totaled 20 points , four rebounds and three assists .
Leuer added seven rebounds to his team - high scoring effort .
Kemba Walker countered with a game - high 37 points on the strength of 13 - of - 22 shooting .
The Rockets are now a half game ahead of the Grizzlies for the second seed in the West , but staying in that spot will be a tough task .
The Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 16 - 17 ) defeated the Phoenix Suns ( 18 - 16 ) 137 - 134 in overtime on Wednesday .
Both players were named starters for the Western_Conference in this year 's All-Star game earlier this week .
However , they did receive double - digit scoring efforts from Monta Ellis ( 10 points , five assists , five rebounds ) and the returning George Hill ( 14 points , five assists , four rebounds ) .
On the other hand the Washington Wizards are now eliminated from playoff contention , while John Wall had to sat this one out with a sore knee .
They shot 50 percent from the field en route to posting their third straight total over 100 points and had seven different players score in double figures .
The Pelicans will have another tough test Sunday when they host the Golden_State Warriors .
Despite dropping a few games recently , the Bucks have stayed competitive every night .
The Timberwolves will look to build off this win when they travel to Memphis to play the Grizzlies on Saturday for their next game .
Point guard Eric Bledsoe , meanwhile , scored 17 points to go with a team - high seven assists .
The win helped the Trail_Blazers secure a third victory in their last four games , with their lone loss coming to the Mavericks on Saturday .
Hassan Whiteside had another outstanding game as he finished the game with 17 points and 14 rebounds in just 28 minutes .
Reigning MVP Steph Curry went 0 - for - 10 from beyond the arc , failing to hit a three - pointer for the first time in 157 games .
Robert Covington was second on the team , amassing 21 points , 12 rebounds , three assists , three steals and three blocks .
The Clippers are playing some of their best basketball of the season right now and it 's nice to see them easily win a game they were supposed to .
The Cavs will have a couple days rest before they are back in action on Tuesday when they host James Harden and the Rockets .
Wade 's injury occured to the same knee that he had drained last Saturday , leaving his status ahead of Saturday 's game in Detroit in question .
After a roller coaster first 18 games of the season , the Rockets had finally started to build some momentum as of late , coming into Tuesday having won three straight games .
Irving was next with 24 points , seven assists , two rebounds and a steal .
The Jazz dropped to 4 - 4 and currently reside in third place in the Western_Conference ’ s Northwest Division , pending the outcome of the ongoing Warriors-Timberwolves contest .
The Clippers will remain home to host the Toronto Raptors on Saturday .
The Spurs ( 46 - 13 ) have won five straight and look poised to make a push for the first seed in the Western_Conference after an injury to Golden State 's Kevin Durant .
The Raptors have now lost five of their last seven games with the only two wins coming against the Philadelphia 76ers and New Orleans Pelicans , who have a combined 1 - 21 record .
The Clippers head to San_Antonio to take on the Spurs on Saturday night , while the Grizzlies remain home to await the Portland Trail_Blazers for a Sunday afternoon tilt .
The Sixers ( 2 - 9 ) made a couple of changes up front to their starting lineup , and both proved key to their second straight home win .
Ty Lawson had one of his best games in a Pacer uniform , as he accumulated seven points , six rebounds and nine assists .
The Nuggets also were tougher on the boards and out - rebounded the Bulls 45 - 37 .
The Spurs just did n't have their strongest offensive game in this one .
He only had three assists though , which was his lowest total through his last seven games .
Vucevic notably went to the charity stripe only three times , with the bulk of his scoring coming from his strong 11 - for - 16 tally from the field .
Minnesota , meanwhile , tumbled to its 12 consecutive defeat despite hitting 10 three - pointers and committing just 12 turnovers .
San_Antonio hasn ’ t been playing impressively lately , but they continue to win games .
Kent Bazemore led the second unit with 17 points , five assists , four rebounds and a block .
Chicago came into this game beat up and they left even more injured .
The Golden_State Warriors will host the Timberwolves on Saturday , as the Lakers will welcome the Dallas Mavericks to the Staples_Center on Sunday .
The fifth - year pro tallied his second consecutive 24 - point performance on a season - high 35 minutes .
Kyrie Irving , who finished with six points in 25 minutes , departed the game in the second half due to lower back soreness and did not return .
Jonas Valanciunas finished second on the team , as he totaled 19 points and five rebounds on 9 - of - 11 shooting .
The loss puts OKC at 1 - 4 after the All-Star Break , and the team is now nine games back from second place in the West .
In his second game as the new starter at point guard , Elfrid Payton put up 12 points , seven assists and two steals in 29 minutes .
Luol Deng continued his solid stretch of play with 15 points , seven boards , two assists and a steal .
Up next , the Thunder head to Cleveland to take on the Cavaliers on Sunday afternoon .
JaMychal Green totaled 16 points , 10 rebounds , six assists and four steals of his own .
Dante Exum was the starter at point guard in his previous spot , but had a tough outing , going scoreless ( 0 - 2 FG , 0 - 2 3Pt ) with two assists in 25 minutes .
That 's the last thing this team needs , as the injuries are killing them right now .
The Pacers rode the strength of a 220 run in the second quarter to the win , which came after starting center Ian Mahinmi departed the game with a back injury .
Eric Bledsoe finished second on the team , accruing 19 points , three rebounds , five assists and two steals .
Russell Westbrook set another record , as he became the first ever player to record a triple - double , while not missing a shot .
This would have been a lopsided game at the beginning of the season , but these are teams going in opposite directions right now .
The Nuggets will host the Heat and the Suns will host the Hawks on Wednesday .
The Detroit Pistons earned an Eastern_Conference road win Monday at Barclays_Center as they defeated the Brooklyn Nets , 105 - 100 .
The Grizzlies ( 3 - 3 ) typically make their opponents grind for every point , and Friday was no different .
The loss also ended Toronto 's four game winning streak .
Third-year forward Julius Randle led the team with 20 points and was a monster on the boards , pulling down 14 rebounds .
On deck for the Nuggets is a home matchup versus the New_Orleans Pelicans on Sunday .
The Minnesota Timberwolves defeated the Los_Angeles Lakers , 119 - 104 , at Target_Center on Thursday .
The Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 41 - 30 ) defeated the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 18 - 51 ) 127 - 117 on Tuesday at Chesapeake_Energy_Arena in Oklahoma_City .
The Pistons have now lost two in a row after winning their previous four games , and with this loss risk losing their grip on the eighth spot in the East .
The division title looms large in this case as the Warriors have already clinched the Clippers ' division and the Spurs have an uphill climb to unseat the Grizzlies and Rockets in the Southwest .
Steven Adams hauled in a double - double , as he contributed 17 points and 10 rebounds , while Serge Ibaka and Andre Roberson finished in double - figures to round out the starting five .
The Jazz used an 110 run late in the fourth quarter to come back and steal one from the Timberwolves .
Rudy Gay was quiet , finishing with only nine points on 3 - of - 11 shooting .
Since center Joel Embiid was lost for the season with a torn meniscus in his left knee , Dario Saric has taken over in the middle for the 76ers .
Ricky Rubio was their most valuable player , as he collected 11 points , 13 rebounds and 10 assists en route to a triple - double .
Despite his team 's overall paltry offensive output , Carmelo Anthony did manage to tally 25 points , seven rebounds , four assists and a block in spearheading the New_York offensive attack .
They also dominated the rebounding , as they snatched down 45 rebounds to the Blazers 31 .
The Los_Angeles Lakers defeated the host Chicago Bulls , 96 - 90 , at United_Center on Wednesday .
On dck for Oklahoma_City is a road matchup against the Toronto Raptors on Thursday .
The Jazz ended the season with the 11th worst record in the league after posting a 19 - 10 mark after the All-Star break .
Dwyane Wade , in particularly , had a rough outing , going 4 - of - 15 from he field for 10 points .
For the starters , Randy Foye turned in another solid start in place of Gary Harris , notching 11 points , five rebounds , an assist and a steal .
Draymond Green , potential Defensive Player of the Year , added 13 points , 14 rebounds , five assists , two steals , and one block in 37 minutes .
Carmelo Anthony continues to put up great scoring performances , recording the game - high in points for each of the last three games , including the 34 points he scored Thursday .
The Jazz , meanwhile , saw less dominant play from their stars .
DeAndre Jordan only scored six points , but had 15 rebounds and four blocks on the night .
The Heat were hurting coming into this game .
Young totaled 16 points , 11 rebounds , and five steals , and made a pair of game - winning throws after drawing a foul from Kyle Korver with one second left .
In the two games since returning from the All-Star break , he 's combined for 39 points , seven rebounds and five assists .
The Sixers return home to face off with the Toronto Raptors on Wednesday night , while the Pistons travel to Dallas to tangle with the Mavericks on Wednesday evening as well .
The Pistons came up just shy of ending their losing streak , but instead extended it to a twelth straight game Sunday .
The Miami Heat ( 41 - 29 ) took down the ailing New_Orleans Pelicans ( 26 - 43 ) at Smoothie_King_Center on Tuesday , winning 113 - 99 .
The Bucks ( 25 - 31 ) went into the All-Star break with three - straight wins , but this loss was more indicative of their prior form .
Giannis Antetokounmpo continued his strong start to the season recording 17 points , six rebounds and four assists in 27 minutes .
The Pistons won their fourth straight game and are now 9 - 7 on Friday , the only day of the week they boast a winning record .
Monta Ellis capitalized on Rondo 's passing to score a game - high 38 points .
Atlanta rested three of its usual starters on Tuesday so that Jeff Teague , Paul Millsap , and DeMarre Carroll could be fresh for Wednesday 's game in Boston .
Charlotte was n't necessarily at full strength Saturday , but was able to get an important win as it continues to make a push for a post season spot .
The Trail_Blazers ( 9 - 9 ) improve to 5 - 3 at home thanks to a much - needed and hard - earned win .
As a team , the Jazz hit 53 percent of their field goals overall and an even more impressive 56 percent of their threes in the victory .
The Charlotte Hornets ( 13 - 24 ) defeated the New_Orleans Pelicans ( 17 - 18 ) 98 - 94 on Wednesday .
Boston has been rolling lately , as this wire - to - wire victory marks their seventh - straight win .
Next up , the Magic play the second game of a back - to - back when they visit the Phoenix Suns on Friday , while the Warriors host the Milwaukee Bucks on Saturday .
Amare Stoudemire was moved into the starting lineup , and had a solid all - around game .
The Los_Angeles Lakers defeated the Atlanta Hawks , 109 - 94 , at Staples_Center on Sunday night .
The Pacers next head to New York to tangle with the Brooklyn Nets on Friday evening , while the Magic remain home and await the Toronto Raptors for a Friday night showdown as well .
Derrick Rose , still nursing a hyperextended elbow , was able to contribute 17 points , three assists , three rebounds and two steals .
Minnesota has a quick turnaround , as they play the Los_Angeles Clippers on Wednesday in their next game .
Marc Gasol has been absolutely phenomenal since the start of the new year , as while the Grizzlies have barely kept their head above water at 8 - 7 since the start of January , the Spanish big man has been nothing but a model of consistency .
His scoring haul included an outstanding 7 - of - 9 tally from beyond the arc .
The Clippers shot only 42 percent from the field , compared to Denver 's 53 percent .
Felton averaged just 4 points and 1 assists over 29 games with the Mavericks last season , so this was a fantastic performance for the guard .
It marked his second double - double in a row , combining for 52 points , 15 rebounds and 20 assists over those two games .
LaMarcus Aldridge followed with 16 points , nine rebounds , five assists , two steals and two blocks .
The visiting Chicago Bulls demolished the Portland Trail_Blazers on Tuesday , 113 - 88 .
His game carried this offense to some gaudy numbers too , as they recorded 30 assists and went 21 - of - 55 from three - point range .
The three - pronged point guard attack of Eric Bledsoe , Goran Dragic and Isaiah Thomas continues to get it done for the Suns .
The next highest scorers for Sacramento were Darren Collison and Rudy Gay , who both finished with 13 points .
Luol Deng recorded an 11 - point , 11 - rebound double - double .
Seven of Jokic 's rebounds came on the offensive end , as the young center made a major impact for the Nuggets ' offense .
He truly put the team on his back , as he was the only Spur to attempt more than nine field goals on the night .
Kent Bazemore and Dwight Howard joined Schroder in double figures , as Bazemore finished with 22 points and Howard had 17 points and 14 rebounds to complete the double - double .
However , the most eye - opening - - and perhaps team - defining - - aspect of the contest was the Sixers ' response to a first - quarter 23 - 21 deficit .
Kristaps Porzingis finished second on the team , collecting 25 points , eight rebounds , three assists , two steals and three block .
The Clippers ( 31 - 18 ) have had a rocky couple months after a hot start to the season .
With nine seperate lead changes , each team had their chance to make a run and close the game out , but in the end , the Rockets came out victorious .
While he had some decent production , he still continues to struggle with his shot , as he 's shot less than 40 percent from the field in five of his last six games .
The Pelicans dropped to 1 - 9 and remain in last place in the Western_Conference 's Southwest Division .
The teams came into this game tied in the standings , while they both have two games remaining ; therefore there is still opportunity for the Celtics to overtake that third spot .
Gordon Hayward accrued 22 points , five rebounds and seven assists of his own.
Dallas improved to 23 - 18 and remain in second place in the Western_Conference 's Southwest Division .
The thing is , Los_Angeles does n't seem to be missing Griffin that much after a third straight win - - second with Griffin sidelined .
Nikola mirotic gave the team a nice spark off the bench with 19 points and six rebounds .
Up next , the Raptors welcome Denver to the Air_Canada_Centre on Monday .
The Boston Celtics defeated the Utah Jazz 99 - 90 on Monday at Energy Solutions Arena in Salt_Lake_City .
Chris Andersen ( calf ) started Tuesday 's game despite sitting out Sunday against the Pistons .
LaMarcus Aldridge continues his good form , as he tallied 14 points , seven rebounds and four steals .
A fast - paced , high - scoring affair befitting of both team 's explosive offenses and equally vulnerable defenses effectively ended with a highlight defensive play from the best player on the court in DeMarcus Cousins .
Miami fell to 23 - 19 , their fifth loss in the last six games .
In fact , they lost 22 of the previous 24 meetings against San_Antonio and 32 of the last 37 , prior to the last seven games .
Accuracy was the All-Star point guard 's biggest issue , as he could only manage a 3 - for - 13 tally from the field , including 1 - for - 5 from behind the arc .
He was placed in the starting lineup on Tuesday because of an injury to Kevin Garnett , but was reduced to a bench role again with his return .
Ryan Anderson was a distant second behind Harden with 17 points , six rebounds and one assist .
The Grizzlies will play in Utah on Saturday , while Portland will host the Warriors on Sunday .
These were the top - two rebounding teams in the NBA coming in and that proved to be the difference .
They have been getting strong performances from center Nikola Vucevic , who 's been averaging 19 points and 12 rebounds over his past five games .
The Pacers will look to keep things rolling , as they play host to the Thunder on Monday .
Steph Curry had another ridiculous game , as he tallied 41 points , eight assists and six rebounds in just three quarters of play .
McCollum scored 22 points of his own and also snatched down six rebounds in a solid performance .
The explosive scoring output comes just a week after he became the sixth NBA player ever to score 70 points in a single game .
The Clippers outscored the Bulls by 23 over the final 24 minutes and much of that has to be attributed to the lights - out shooting .
Iman Shumpert maintained his hold on the starting shooting guard position and posted 15 points , four assists , and a steal in 25 minutes .
University of Kentucky alumni filled the stat sheet in Friday 's Suns-Kings game , as DeMarcus Cousins , Devin Booker , and Eric Bledsoe all made significant impacts for their respective teams .
Aaron Afflalo notched 8 points in 27 minutes before leaving the game in the fourth quarter with a possible tear in his shoulder .
He came back down to earth a bit Monday and finished with just 12 points ( 4 - 14 FG , 1 - 1 3Pt , 3 - 4 FT ) and seven rebounds .
The team hit just seven triples in the contest .
Gary Neal enjoyed a momentous night off the bench , leading the team with 23 points and sinking five three - pointers .
That will be another important division match - up for Portland , as the Nuggets are just one game behind them in the standings .
Following what was a tough stretch after the All-Star break , the Wizards are rolling and winners of five games in a row and seven of their last nine .
Dunn played behind LaVine and Ricky Rubio , clocking just 15 minutes of game time .
Both teams play on Thursday , as the Rockets visit the Golden_State Warriors , while the Jazz host the Miami Heat .
He also came just shy of a double - double with nine rebounds to go along with it .
Irving missed the first meeting between these teams , which the Cavs also won .
Derrick Rose registered 18 points , but scoring was scarce from the rest of the roster , with the remaining seven players totaling just 35 points .
LaMarcus Aldridge was the only other starter with more than four points , as he finished with 21 points , nine rebounds and four assists .
Durant has - - for the moment , at least - - taken the title of team MVP from Curry , as he 's averaged 31 points over his first three contests in a Warriors uniform while playing between 37 and 39 minutes in each .
Mayo was in the starting lineup at shooting guard for the first time this season .
The Pacers added some great pieces like Al Jefferson and Thaddeus Young over the offseason but have not been able to get things together in a consistent way yet this season .
Corey Brewer was the only other Houston player to score in double figures , scoring 15 points on 7 - of - 12 shooting in 26 minutes off the bench .
Eric Bledsoe accumulated 12 points , two rebounds and six assists .
He was right on par with his season averages of 12 points and 8 rebounds .
After playing in a loaded Golden State offense , Barnes has been able to see the ball in his hands plenty in Dallas .
Gobert also had three blocks and anchored the Jazz 's defense that allowed just 36 percent shooting and six three - pointers .
Rasual Butler knocked in two three - pointers to increase his yearly accuracy to 49 percent from downtown , and Bradley Beal chipped in four three - pointers .
Phoenix continues to struggle on offense without Eric Bledsoe , who is out for the season after knee surgery .
Rondae Hollis-Jefferson 's 19 points in 20 bench minutes led the Nets .
Emmanuel Mudiay was one of the only bright spots , as he totaled 16 points , six rebounds and seven assists .
The Magic , on the other hand , are having a rough go so far in 2015 .
The Timberwolves now have taken over as the worst record in the league , so they 'll likely end up with the highest odds come draft day in June for that number one overall pick .
Next up , the Lakers host the Los_Angeles Clippers on Tuesday , while the Cavaliers visit the Denver Nuggets on Wednesday .
In all , the home team posted a stellar 55 percent success rate from the field .
Sacramento started this season 9 - 5 but have gone just 6 - 16 since .
While the Lakers have already been eliminated from the playoffs , this win pushes the Warriors to six and a half games ahead of the Memphis Grizzlies , who sit second in the Western_Conference standings .
Considering he averages only five points a game , it was a nice boost for the Lakers .
Eric Bledsoe collected 19 points , three rebounds and five assists .
Porzingis scored a team - high 28 points in the loss on 13 - for - 18 shooting .
The win improves the Warriors ' home record to 22 - 2 .
The Pelicans were again without both Anthony Davis and Ryan Anderson Sunday .
With LaMarcus Aldridge returning from an illness , he and Damian Lillard re - established their offensive duo .
George finished with 19 points on a poor 6 - of - 20 shooting from the field , but that sixth made field goal was all Indiana needed .
Portland will be going back to the playoffs after its second win over Phoenix in four days .
The third member of the Thunder 's big three , Serge Ibaka , finished with 13 points and 13 rebounds .
Kirk Hinrich started at point guard in Rose 's absence , and Jimmy Butler , who had missed the first two games of the season with a thumb injury , returned to the lineup and started at shooting guard .
The Celtics ( 13 - 12 ) , meanwhile , have lost three straight , but have also been missing All-Star Isaiah Thomas ( groin ) .
Steven Adams led the team in scoring , totaling 22 points and five rebounds on 11 - of - 14 from the field .
On the contrary , the Bulls had won six of their previous seven games but ended up falling apart in this one .
Carl Landry was their next leading scorer in just 18 minutes off the bench as he poured in 15 points on 6 - 8 shooting .
After an off game on Monday , this was a solid bounce back outing for Curry , although the seven turnovers he recorded was n't acceptable .
The Suns will play the second game of a back - to - back on Tuesday when they host the Miami Heat , while the Clippers host the Memphis Grizzlies on Wednesday .
Kristaps Porzingis also scored 16 points , adding eight rebounds and three blocks to his stat line .
After making just 1 - of - 9 attempts from the floor in Friday 's game against the Wizards , it was a step back in the right direction for one of the Knicks ' biggest offensive threats .
Rudy Gobert totaled 14 points and 14 rebounds en route to a double - double .
Portland dropped two games coming out of the All-Star break , but they 've since rattled off three consecutive wins .
The visiting Golden_State Warriors defeated the Toronto Raptors , 127 - 121 , on Wednesday at Air Canada Center .
This win means that Toronto takes the three - game season series against Cleveland , 2 - 1 .
The visiting Boston Celtics defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves , 99 - 93 , at at Target_Center on Monday .
The Clippers ( 9 - 1 ) are the hottest team in the NBA right now and they used a different recipe to win this one .
Beal added three rebounds , three assists and a steal to his aforementioned game - high scoring haul .
The Hornets were led by Lin 's 21 points , which he supplemented with seven assists , four rebounds and a steal .
Golden_State will take on the New Orleans Pelicans ( 45 - 37 ) when the playoffs commence this weekend .
Nicolas Batum ( wrist/knee ) returned to the starting lineup after sitting out the team 's last game .
Trevor Booker matched Hollis-Jefferson 's point total off the bench and added nine rebounds .
The Raptors ( 47 - 31 ) are now tied with the Washington Wizards for the three - seed in the East , as this loss could cause complications for playoff positioning .
Rookie Frank Kaminsky III paced the Charlotte bench with 17 points , seven rebounds and a block .
The Suns were once again without Brandon Knight who sat out his seventh straight game with an ankle injury .
The Trail_Blazers will host the Memphis Grizzlies on Sunday .
Bryant 's 26 points vaulted him over Michael Jordan in career points to land at third all - time for the NBA scoring record .
They resume play after the All-Star break on Friday , February 19th at home against the Dallas Mavericks .
The Clippers will look to turn their luck around on Sunday as the Toronto Raptors come to town .
For the Thunder , they dropped their second consecutive game as Kevin Durant continues to nurse a hamstring injury .
Sunday 's performance marked Westbrook 's tenth triple - double in 21 games this season .
They 'll keep digging in a favorable matchup , when they host the Portland Trail_Blazers on Monday .
The Timberwolves ( 19 - 30 ) have been climbing back into the playoff hunt recently .
The Pelicans had the Spurs ' number all year , finishing their season series 3 - 1 .
It was the team 's first overtime game of the season , and they seemed to respond well to the extra period .
The Bucks have been playing poorly lately and that continued on Sunday .
They beat the Phoenix Suns 103 - 95 on Friday , and with the way the Suns run , it 's no surprise the Hornets did n't have enough in the tank to take on a rested Warriors squad .
The Grizzlies , on the other hand , remain second in the West , and sit eight and a half games back from the Golden_State Warriors .
On deck for Oklahoma_City is a road matchup against the Dallas Mavericks on Monday .
Utah ( 50 - 31 ) reached a major milestone with its 50th win on Monday , its first 50 - win season since 2010 .
Lawson , a borderline All-Star for much of his career in Denver , has seen a rocky 2015 - 16 season both on and off the court .
Andrew Wiggins has scored 18 or more points in three straight games , and he 'll have to continue producing if the team wants to have a prayer at collecting wins .
The Wizards have been eliminated from postseason play .
Carter-Williams ' logged a DNP ( coach 's decision ) due to back - to - back awful performances over the weekend .
Veteran Joe Johnson was the third Brooklyn starter to turn in a notable effort , posting 20 points on 9 of 19 shooting .
He was inactive due to some leg soreness and that 's a major worry for Washington fans , as that 's the same leg he had a stress fracture on just last season .
Gorgui Dieng finished with 14 points and 15 rebounds , and Thaddeus Young had 15 points on 7 - of - 15 shooting .
A tightly - contested affair neverthless featured a fair share of mistakes from both teams , and the victorius Pacers were actually more of a guilty party .
Despite the ejection and minor injury , the Lakers battled to their 15th win .
Jabari Parker was the Bucks best player , as he tallied 27 points , 11 rebounds and four assists .
Nikola Vucevic recorded a double - double , toting 13 points , 17 rebounds and three steals .
James supplemented his scoring total with six rebounds , six assists , two steals and a block .
Jonas Valanciunas has been toughing out an ankle injury in recent games , and the ailment had clearly affected his play before Thursday .
The Nuggets were without Emmanuel Mudiay ( ankle ) , who is likely out for one more week .
The surprise start for Dallas has to be credited to Zaza Pachulia , who put in yet another great game .
They also destroyed the Suns through three - point shooting , as the Heat hit 11 - of - 27 , while Phoenix went just 4 - of - 16 from long range .
Irving totaled 24 points , seven assists and two rebounds .
It was his 11th double - double of the season and his first 20 - point , 20 - rebound game .
Beal added four rebounds , two assists and two steals to his game - high scoring total .
DeAndre Jordan destroyed the Sixers in the paint , as he snatched down 21 rebounds and swatted away three shots in the victory .
He shot 4 - 5 from three - point land , helping the Trail_Blazers shoot a robust 18 - 36 from deep on the night .
Both teams play on Wednesday , as the Warriors will host the New_York Knicks ( 28 - 40 ) , while the Pelicans visit the Sacramento Kings ( 26 - 40 ) .
Jimmy Butler matched those 17 points , adding five rebounds , three assists and three steals to his tally .
He even converted three three - pointers , showing off the new skill he developed in the offseason .
The Grizzlies hit 15 three - pointers on 57 percent shooting from beyond the arc .
Devin Booker finished second on the team , accumulating 17 points , seven rebounds and three assists .
The Pacers are trying to stay afloat despite all of the injuries they 've had to start the season .
However the Pistons are 1 - 4 this month and have been eliminated from playoff competition .
The Clips better get their act together and recover from this loss quickly because Portland will surely be ready to steal the W .
Timofey Mozgov notched a double - double of his own , as he finished with 14 points and 11 rebounds .
Cleveland awaits a rematch with the Wizards , also on Wednesday , after Washington knocked off the Cavs 91 - 78 on Friday night .
The Timberwolves ( 4 - 7 ) had their first primetime game in awhile and they did n't disappoint .
The rest of the notable offensive contributions came from the Phoenix bench , with Mirza Teletovic leading the charge with 19 points , five rebounds and a pair of assists .
The Clippers ( 49 - 31 ) have now won five - straight games , as they have some serious momentum headed into the postseason .
The Bulls would not fold and kept pressing in order to grind out the victory at home , where they are now 24 - 12 this season .
The All-Star guard made a whopping 20 visits to the charity stripe , draining 15 of those shots .
San_Antonio remains the seventh seed in the West after recording their second consecutive win on Saturday .
Evan Turner started a third straight game at point guard and finished with 29 points and six assists in 40 minutes .
Rudy Gobert recorded another double - double , totaling 12 points , 12 rebounds and two blocks .
The reigning All-Star recorded a whopping 43 points while logging an impressive 56 minutes .
Canaan led the scoring with 22 points , and he added four rebounds , three assists , and a steal .
The Chicago Bulls defeated the visiting Indiana Pacers , 118 - 101 , on Saturday night at United_Center .
The Timberwolves are two games behind the New York Knicks for the worst record in the league .
The Magic were one game ahead of the Celtics before the new year , but since the calendar changed Orlando has gone 1 - 12 , while Boston has steadily improved .
Kyle Korver hit two three - pointers to tie Mookie Blaylock for third most in Hawks ’ single - season history .
Regardless , it was a well deserved career night for Reddick , who continues to thrive from deep with Blake Griffin ( quad ) sidelined .
Dallas ( 2 - 5 ) have gotten off to a rough start this season with some injury troubles , but were able to pull out a big road win here .
Their next contest comes on Friday , when they play host to the Raptors .
The host Portland Trail_Blazers took down the Charlotte Hornets on Tuesday , 115 - 98 .
It was his second start in a row at forward , but this game marked a much better result , as he posted just eight points in Sunday 's start against the Mavericks .
Next up , the Raptors will host the Spurs on Sunday , and the Clippers will head to Oklahoma_City to take on the Thunder , also on Sunday .
Ginobili finished with seven points in just 16 minutes as Gregg Popovich is working him back into the rotation .
Russell flashed his ability to score in volume , in addition to proving that he has the intangibles to see plays develop before they happen .
Next , the Grizzlies host the Bulls , who are also desperate for wins , on Tuesday The Magic will host the Pistons on Wednesday .
Toronto ( 3 - 1 ) continues to score at will and they are riding the hot shooting hand of DeMar DeRozan .
Kristaps Porzingis continued his good play too , as he scored 15 points and swatted away five shots .
James finished with 25 points to lead the Cavaliers on a brutally efficient 11 - 15 shooting night .
While this adds to Detroit 's ( 14 - 18 ) recent five - game slide , this is not a loss to be discouraged by .
Thaddeus Young suffered a scary neck injury and had to leave after playing just 17 minutes .
Kyrie Irving added 20 points on 9 - of - 21 - shooting , eight assists and six rebounds .
Both teams are fighting for the final playoff spot in the East , but they also have competitions from the Pacers , Nets and Pistons .
Steph Curry had a nightmare shooting night , as he went 1 - for - 12 from three - point range and 4 - for - 18 from the field .
Trevor Ariza went 0 - of - 4 from long range and only 3 - of - 10 overall , on his way to eight points , in 34 minutes .
The Spurs were on a four - game winning streak coming into this game and had won six of its last seven .
He came just one rebound shy of notching his fourth double - double in a row , a stretch where he 's averaging 17 points , 16 rebounds and four blocks over those four games .
Both DeMarcus Cousins ( foot ) and Rudy Gay ( head ) sat out for the second consecutive game , leaving Sacramento without their two best offensive players .
Prior to fouling out , DeMarcus Cousins supplied 27 points , 10 rebounds , two assists and two blocks .
Roy Hibbert ( ankle ) missed his fourth straight game .
Justin Holiday paced the bench with 14 points .
Tony Parker also had one of his best games of the season , accruing 13 points , eight assists and four steals .
Ben McLemore was productive off the bench as well with eight points , two rebounds and two assists .
Forward Kent Bazemore led the way with 14 , also chipping in six rebounds and three assists .
On deck for the Blazers is a matchup against the Houston Rockets on Thursday .
It 's good the veteran starters got to rest late in this game , as they play the second half of a back - to - back on Monday against the Indiana Pacers .
Thomas has been great since putting up a dud in his first game back from injury four games ago .
Dallas heads east to Brooklyn to take on the Nets , also on Monday .
This marked the fifth game out of the last six that Drummond recorded double - digit rebounds .
Charlotte , meanwhile , has fallen out of the Eastern_Conference playoff picture after starting hot at 10 - 5 .
Norman Powell started for DeRozan to accumulate 18 points , four rebounds , three assists , two steals and two blocks .
Khris Middleton tallied 19 points , six boards , five assists , two steals and one block .
Monroe missed the game due to some knee soreness and his status is up in the air for Milwaukee 's next game against the Los_Angeles Clippers on Wednesday .
The Wizards host the Hawks in their season finale Wednesday .
Carmelo Anthony shifted to power forward in place of Kristaps Porzingis , who was once again absent due to his sore Achilles .
The Sixers built a razor - thin 58 - 57 halftime lead and had to fight until the closing seconds to secure their 11th road win of the season .
His output was well below his season averages of 26 points and 11 rebounds .
The Heat were able to force the Celitcs into 15 turnovers , giving them an even greater advantage to take home the victory .
On Friday , the Mavericks will visit the Clippers and the Blazers will host the Spurs .
The 22 - year - old athletic marvel scored a team - high 32 points to go along with 13 rebounds , six assists , two steals , a block , and most impressively , zero turnovers .
The Trail_Blazers will play the Spurs on Friday , and the Clippers will head home to face the Cavaliers on Friday .
Andre Roberson left the game early in the first quarter after suffering from a sprained ankle .
However , they 've certainly gotten the hot hand over the last three contests , posting 112 points three games ago and a pair of 121 - point tallies in the two subsequent games .
Ramon Sessions made his return from a back injury that has kept him out since Dec. 22 .
Josh McRoberts made his Heat debut after missing the entire preseason recovering from toe surgery .
They 've clinched the eighth seed in the conference and will close out the season at Cleveland on Wednesday night .
Matt Barnes , Andre Iguodala and Shaun Livingston all saw 20 - plus minutes of action , with Livingston being the most efficient amongst them as he finished with 17 points and seven rebounds on 8 - of - 10 shooting .
Milwaukee was coming off one of their biggest wins in team history , but it doesn ’ t matter much anymore after losing to a four - win Lakers team .
Jae Crowder was second on the team in scoring , providing 14 points and eight rebounds .
Sixth man Enes Kanter also made his presence knowing , going for 15 points and 10 rebounds in just 24 minutes of play .
The MVP candidate entering the season re - tied LeBron James with 45 triple - doubles throughout his career .
Kemba Walker had been on a tear of late , but he finished with just nine six points and two assists in 30 minutes as the Hornets turned to their bench players for much of the second half with the game out of reach .
Irving is on an unbelievable stretch over his last two games , combining for 93 points , 11 assists and five steals .
Jahlil Okafor got the start for Embiid and led the team with 26 points and nine rebounds .
The Hawks will host the Orlando Magic on Friday .
Both teams play at home on Wednesday , as the Pacers host the Philadelphia 76ers , while the Hornets welcome the Utah Jazz .
The lead they built was enough to sustain them in the fourth quarter , and send the Hornets home as winners of their fourth straight game .
The Blazers ( 28 - 35 ) continue to battle for the eight - seed in the West , as this victory brought them within a game of the Denver Nuggets .
Next up , the Rockets visit the Denver Nuggets on Friday , while the Warriors host the Phoenix Suns on Saturday .
Cleveland 's big - three combined for 74 points , 30 rebounds and 25 assists as they withstood a good fight from the Lakers .
Next up , the Thunder face a very difficult second game of a back - to - back in Golden_State against the Warriors , while the Clippers have a day off before visiting the Memphis Grizzlies on Friday .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 4 - 3 ) completed a fourth quarter comeback to beat the Utah Jazz ( 3 - 6 ) 100 - 97 on Wednesday night at Philips_Arena .
Cavs sit 3 games ahead of the second - place Toronto Raptors with seven games remaining , including four on the road .
The Pacers will kick off a four - game road trip Saturday against the Cleveland Cavaliers .
Jokic added four assists and a block to his game - high scoring and rebounding totals .
Boston has been playing much better recently , as this was their fifth win in their last seven games .
Nick Collison started in his place and played 12 minutes and scored six points with three rebounds .
Derrick Rose was limited to only eight points , with six turnovers , in 31 minutes .
Melo hit three three - pointers and was perfect from the line , helping his team post an impressive 53 percent from the field .
Up next , the Rockets will look to stay hot when they play the Pelicans in Houston on Friday , while the Kings will travel to Memphis on Friday to take on a surging Grizzlies team .
The Hawks get back on the road and head to Houston for a Thursday tilt with the Rockets , while the Heat are off until Saturday night when the Philadelphia 76ers come to town .
Giannis Antetokounmpo was Milwaukee 's best player , accumulating 23 points , six rebounds , two assists , two steals and three blocks .
The Rockets welcome the Nuggets to Houston , also on Saturday .
Trevor Booker matched Hollis-Jefferson 's scoring total and added four rebounds and a steal .
They 'll try to keep the good times rolling when they host the Oklahoma_City Thunder on Sunday .
Thursday 's loss drops Miami to the eighth spot in the East , with teams like Boston , Charlotte , and Indiana all within striking distance .
Oklahoma_City will look to break their recent slide when they play the hot Dallas Mavericks on Sunday .
With this win the Spurs ( 10 - 3 ) move to 70 on the road this season .
The Thunder will host the Raptors on Thursday , while the Heat will return to Miami to host the Bulls on Friday .
The Raptors remain atop the Eastern_Conference 's Atlantic Division , and have a hold of the second seed in the conference as well , two games behind the Cleveland Cavaliers .
The Nuggets will host the Los_Angeles Clippers on Friday .
The Lakers were led by Jordan Clarkson , who scored 22 points in his 28 minutes of play .
He also tied a season - high with nine reobounds , while chipping in six assists .
The Nuggets were clicking on offense all evening , shooting 56 percent from the field and assisting on 26 of their 50 made baskets .
The Pacers have another favorable matchup in their next game , when they host the Brooklyn Nets on Thursday .
The Bucks ( 11 - 11 ) jumped on their hosts early , building a 32 - 23 lead after one quarter .
Mayo played seven minutes after missing the previous game with a hamstring strain .
For the Magic , point guard Elfrid Payton recorded his third triple - double in six games .
Brooks tallied a season - high 29 points , and was successful on four of his seven three - point tries .
This still goes down as a loss , but it 's a message for the rest of the league that they can compete with anybody on any night .
The New_Orleans Pelicans ( 10 - 20 ) defeated the Houston Rockets ( 16 - 16 ) 110 - 108 on Saturday night in an exciting game .
Greg Monroe actually checked in as the second - leading scorer and did so in his customary bench role , posting 18 points , along with nine boards , four assists , three steals and a block .
The Nuggets ( 3 - 4 ) , meanwhile , struggled mightily from the floor .
Miami ( 2 - 5 ) has gotten off to a rough start , but this was a great performance despite the loss .
Towns hit three of the Wolves ' four made three - pointers on the night and accounted for nearly half the team 's scoring output .
Cleveland 's has only lost one time since Jan. 15 .
Dorian Finney-Smith and Seth Curry were next with matching 11 - point efforts , with the former adding five rebounds , two assists , four steals and a block , and the latter supplying four assists , a rebound and a steal .
Considering he 's averaging only 7 points on the year , it was a nice surprise for the Pacers .
However , the 20 - year - old star also contributed four turnovers in what was a messy offensive game for the Wolves .
In fact , they allowed Chicago to start off three quarters in this game on a 60 run or larger .
This gives Portland four - straight wins and the Heat continue to struggle without Dwyane Wade .
San_Antonio is currently fifth in the Western_Conference , 11 games behind the West-leading Warriors .
Overall , Denver was only able to muster a mediocre 31 team field goal percentage in the loss .
Garrett Temple made his presence felt off the bench as well , filling out the stat sheet with 10 points , six rebounds , six assists and three steals .
The Kings were still dominant in the rebounding battle and pulled down 53 boards as a unit , as compared to the 37 rebounds from the opposition .
Westbrook entered Tuesday 's game leading the league in scoring with 32 points per game while averaging 10 assists and 10 rebounds .
Hornets ( 14 - 10 ) will hope for the best as Kemba Walker left the game with about three minutes left in the fourth after suffering a left knee contusion .
The latter was particularly proficient across the stat sheet , adding six rebounds , five assists and a pair of steals .
Khris Middleton filled out the stat sheet with eight points , eight rebounds , two assists and three steals .
The Kings fell to 4 - 9 and currently reside in fourth place in the Western_Conference 's Pacific Division .
The Blazers will host the fifth seeded Memphis Grizzlies ( 55 - 27 ) in the opening round of the playoffs .
Hassan Whiteside continued his breakout season with 15 points , 13 rebounds and three blocks .
Next up for the Raptors is a trip to see former teammate Rudy Gay in Sacramento on Sunday .
The Charlotte Hornets ( 45 - 33 ) took care of the New_York Knicks ( 31 - 48 ) in a 111 - 97 win on Wednesday .
Rondo is another player who many speculated would cause trouble for Chicago 's floor spacing , but he got the job done along with his new backcourt partner .
The Bulls shot a better percentage , grabbed more rebounds and committed less fouls than Boston , but could not manage the timely buckets to come out on top in this close game .
Since joining the Pelicans 11 games ago , he 's averaged 11 points , 2 rebounds and 4 assists per game .
Denver heads home next , but they 'll be taking on this same Portland team on Wednesday night .
Both teams play on Christmas Day , with the Thunder hosting the Chicago Bulls ( 15 - 11 ) , while the Lakers entertain the Los_Angeles Clippers ( 15 - 13 ) .
The Bulls then gave up an unforced turnover on a five - second inbound violation that destroyed their chance of victory .
Lopez finished with 30 points and 11 rebounds , his second 30 point outing in his last three games .
Bradley added four assists and a steal to his stellar stat line .
Wade 's 21 points paced the Bulls , a total he complemented with five assists , three rebounds , two steals and two blocks .
Kirk Hinrich returned to action for Chicago after missing five games with a hamstring injury .
Up next , the Cavaliers remain home to host the Magic on Monday .
Coincidentally , not only was it Westbrook 's sixth straight triple - double , but it was also Oklahoma_City 's sixth straight victory .
The two clubs combined to shoot a brutal 8 - 32 ( 25 percent ) from beyond the three - point line , and both teams finished under 30 percent from downtown .
LaMarcus Aldridge also recorded a double - double , totaling 15 points and 11 rebounds .
On deck for the Pelicans is a road matchup against the Orlando Magic on Wednesday .
In his return from a five - game absence , Nene chipped in 12 points and six rebounds off the bench .
The Cleveland Cavaliers defeated the host Milwaukee Bucks , 114 - 108 , in overtime at BMO_Harris_Bradley_Center on Tuesday .
In fact , the Pelicans outscored the Grizzlies , 46 - 32 in the paint , while winning the rebounding battle , 51 - 42 .
Their wins all came against sub - .500 teams but nonetheless they have been looking good .
The Kings will host the Los_Angeles Clippers ( 37 - 20 ) on Friday .
LaMarcus Aldridge was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 21 points , 15 rebounds and three blocks .
Shooting guard Monta Ellis scored 14 points on 6 - of - 6 shooting , and point guard Jeff Teague neared a triple - double with nine points , nine rebounds , and eight assists .
The Warriors have been finding different ways to win , ranging from comebacks to nights where their stars are n't performing at their best .
The Atlanta Hawks defeated the host Milwaukee Bucks , 114 - 110 , at BMO_Harris_Bradley_Center on Friday .
Draymond Green had himself a day as well though , notching his first triple - double of the year .
Steven Adams was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 15 points and eight rebounds .
Chris Paul has also picked up his game to cover the team 's holes .
The Toronto Raptors ( 15 - 4 ) went into Utah and took down the Jazz ( 5 - 14 ) 123 - 104 on Wednesday night at EnergySolutions_Arena in Salt_Lake_City .
He had a poor showing in Sunday 's game against the Heat , so it was good to see him get back on track Tuesday .
The Pacers ( 14 - 14 ) came in to Saturday 's contest with a dubious road record , as they 'd managed to only secure three wins in nine tries away from home .
The scary thing for the Pelicans is that they have try to stop the unstoppable Russell Westbrook on Wednesday when they travel to Oklahoma_City to take on the Thunder .
Utah saw strong play from its deep bench , as veteran sixth man Joe Johnson led the team with 27 points , including six three - pointers .
The Knicks lost against Atlanta in their last game and with this loss too , are quickly losing touch with the top eight in the East .
The Knicks continue their road trip and will play Portland Trail_Blazers ( 9 - 14 ) on Saturday , while the Kings host the Houston Rockets ( 11 - 12 ) on Tuesday .
They were also notably more efficient around the basket , outscoring the visitors in the paint by a margin of 42 - 28 .
With just under 5:0 remaining in the fourth quarter , Johnson drained back - to - back treys to pull within eight points of the Thunder .
Jae Crowder ( 14 points ) and Isaiah Thomas ( 12 points ) were the other Boston players with any type of meaningful production , with the latter enduring a particularly difficult 3 - for - 15 shooting night .
The next highest scorer was Manu Ginobili , who finished with 16 points , in 25 minutes off the bench .
For the Timberwolves , we saw them drop their fifth straight on Saturday , and each loss has been by at least nine points .
Westbrook finished with a game - high 33 points , but it was the 10th and final assist that he handed out Wednesday night that spelled the difference for the home team .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 50 - 13 ) defeated the Sacramento Kings ( 21 - 42 ) 130 - 105 on Monday at Philips_Arena in Atlanta .
The Rockets really turned it on in the second half , as they outscored the Magic , 56 - 41 in that 24 - minute stretch .
The Thunder host the Orlando Magic on Monday , and the Grizzlies begin a three - game road trip Monday against the Phoenix Suns .
It 's tough for Phoenix to win any game right now , but for them to beat the Spurs with no healthy bodies is just a cruel task .
He currently leads the NBA in minutes played , surpassing the Rockets ’ James Harden by eight minutes for a total of 2,887 .
Hassan Whiteside was the player of the game , as he accrued 23 points , 14 rebounds , three steals and two blocks .
The Clippers will host the Oklahoma_City Thunder on Monday for their next game .
The Timberwolves will play the second half of a back - to - back set Saturday when they host the Cavaliers .
Meanwhile , the Knicks ( 18 - 24 ) replaced Courtney Lee with Ron Baker at the two - guard spot , and brought Mindaugas Kuzminskas into the starting five as well with Lance Thomas unavailable due to a broken orbital bone and possible concussion brought about by a Jonas Valanciunas elbow a day prior .
The five steals were a season - high for the center .
It was notably the sixth straight double - double in his six post - All - Star - break games , all in a reserve role .
The Rockets limited the Bulls to success rates of 39 percent from the field and 23 percent from three - point range , while forcing them into 18 turnovers .
Considering he 's averaged just 9 points so far this season , he 's been a nice surprise for the Knicks since coming over from the Rockets in February .
The Hawks will host the Grizzlies on Saturday , while the Raptors will host the Heat .
Chicago will host the struggling Lakers , while the Raptors are scheduled to take on the Memphis Grizzlies .
Eric Bledsoe struggled to find a rhythm , but managed a quality stat line of 13 points , seven rebounds , five assists , two steals and a block .
Eric Bledsoe struggled to find a rhythm , but managed a quality stat line of 13 points , seven rebounds , five assists , two steals and a block .
The win gets them back on the right track though , as they still hold a two - game lead over the Portland Trail Blazers for the third projected playoff seed in the Western_Conference .
The rest of the team , however , has suffered largely from injuries and lack of veteran experience throughout the season , and it showed on Friday .
As for the Nuggets ( 21 - 27 ) , they 've now dropped two straight games after rattling off three straight victories , as the absence of Nikola Jokic ( hip ) has really taken a tole on this team .
Cristiano Felicio came off the bench to record an 11 - point , 11 - rebound double - double .
Meyers Leonard and Chris Kaman each recorded a double - double , along with LaMarcus Aldridge 's huge 37 - point , 12 - rebound performance .
Los_Angeles was able to fight back and hold the lead with under 30 seconds to go in the game .
Ricky Rubio approached a triple - double as well , as he accumulated 17 points , 11 assists and seven rebounds .
Meanwhile , the Bulls ( 16 - 18 ) could only get one such standout effort , which came from Jimmy Butler .
The Pacers ' George Hill almost spoiled the party for Popovich and his former team .
Danny Green 's hot streak continued , pouring in 16 points , including three three - pointers , bringing his recent tally to 17 made three - pointers in his last five games .
The Suns still hold a three - game lead over the Oklahoma City Thunder for the eighth - best Western_Conference record .
Luol Deng also shot well , going 6 - for - 11 from the field and 2 - for - 3 from the three - point line , scoring 16 points in 31 minutes .
Alex Len finished with his second consecutive double - digit rebounding performance .
The Pelicans will have a few days off before playing in Houston next Wednesday , giving Davis some time to perhaps recover .
D'Angelo Russell went for 14 points , while Luol Deng supplied a 13 - point , 12 - rebound double - double .
Mike Conley also had one of his better games of the season .
He also handed out four assists , while hauling in a pair of rebounds and tallying a pair of steals .
Boston continues to surprise fans with their efficient play .
The Nets committed 22 turnovers and were outscored by a 59 - 46 margin in the second half , leading to their 12th straight defeat .
With Blake Griffin sidelined and DeAndre Jordan struggling at the free throw line , Jamal Crawford was the hero for the Clippers on Thursday .
Memphis is elated that March is over , as they piled up eight losses , making it their worst month of the season .
Isaiah Thomas lead the Celtics ' attack on offense , posting 28 points and seven assists in 31 minutes off the bench .
The Lakers ( 9 - 9 ) have rightfully been lauded for their marked improvement under new head coach Luke Walton in the early going , and their performance on Sunday did nothing to detract from that narrative .
The Thunder outscored the Grizz by 14 in the fourth , behind Russell Westbrook and his takeover .
Khris Middleton continued his impressive play for Milwaukee .
He blocked one shot after failing to do so twice in the previous three games .
If it was n't already the case before , Lou Williams has firmly established himself as the Lakers best offensive weapon over the past month or so .
All five Lakers starters finished in double figures scoring , with Jordan Clarkson leading the remainders with 19 points , while Julius Randle pitched in 10 points , seven assists and seven rebounds .
Jae Crowder tallied a modest five points but hauled in 10 rebounds .
Jae Crowder tallied a modest five points but hauled in 10 rebounds .
Jahlil Okafor had a strange game , as he totaled three points and 11 rebounds on 0 - of - 10 shooting .
Dennis Schroder was next with 17 points , while Kent Bazemore tallied 15 .
This team is so used to playing without their star point guard that they don ’ t miss a beat when he does miss time .
LaMarcus Aldridge totaled 10 points , four rebounds , four assists and a block .
However , his 3 - of - 6 shooting dropped his yearly average to 70 percent from the field .
However , Kemba Walker was in no mood to let the Hornets ( 19 - 15 ) back down from the reigning NBA champs on Charlotte 's home court , and went off for a game - high 37 points .
The Mavericks will play the Chicago Bulls ( 27 - 16 ) on Friday , and the Timberwolves will play the New_Orleans Pelicans ( 20 - 21 ) on Friday .
The Nuggets received double - digit scoring efforts from Danilo Gallinari , Emmanuel Mudiay and Gary Harris , but also saw Jusuf Nurkic held scoreless over 17 minutes .
Young and full of potential , Minnesota is looking poised to bring home a second straight Rookie of the Year award thanks to first overall pick Karl-Anthony Towns .
With this win the Pelicans home record improves to 15 - 12 .
Philadelphia has lost three games in a row and only have one victory since the All-Star break .
Augustin leading the team with 20 points and eight assists .
Golden_State just continues to get it done despite adversity .
The remaining four Warriors starters also scored in double digits , led by Draymond Green 's 23 - point , 12 - rebound double - double .
With Avery Bradley ( elbow ) still out , Jae Crowder was put into the starting lineup for the second straight game .
This victory for Miami gave them their eighth - straight win , while it marked Brooklyn 's 17th loss in 18 games .
Sacramento has the unfortunate task of playing again on Sunday , as they to travel to Canada to play the Toronto Raptors .
Dallas will have a few days off until they play the Toronto Raptors on Tuesday in their next fixture .
After a record - setting perfect free - throw night on Tuesday for Utah , the Jazz struggled as a team from the line on Friday against the Lakers .
Big man Paul Millsap , who has missed the last three weeks with a knee injury , finally returned on Sunday .
Even with the loss , Milwaukee finished their four - game Western_Conference road trip 2 - 2 , a job well done by the developing squad .
Despite being without their star in the frontcourt , Blake Griffin , the Clippers continue to roll as this victory was their fourth straight .
Stephen Curry followed up with 26 points , while the only other player to hit double digits for Golden_State was Ian Clark , with 10 .
Eric Gordon and James Harden both had their shot at game - winners after that , but failed to convert on their home floor .
Allen Crabbe paced the Portland bench with the only other double - digit scoring effort on the team , amassing 14 points and adding four rebounds and an assist .
Since their loss to the Lakers early in the season , the Warriors have now won 10 games in a row , while setting a franchise - record with their 10th game with 30 assists or more .
Cleveland outperformed Denver in every major category , and played an outstanding defensive game overall .
In fact , none of the three other starters have scored in double figures for the fourth - straight game .
Utah ( 7 - 8 ) continues to play without George Hill and Derrick Favors , but it 's clearly hurting the offense right now .
They 're home again for a date with the Cleveland Cavaliers on Monday night .
Only two Pelicans players scored more than 11 points , but they still managed to walk away with a huge win .
Helping to ease the blow of Howard 's absence , Josh Smith had a productive game off the bench .
The Wizards will host the Trail_Blazers on Monday before embarking on a four - game Western_Conference road trip .
The shooting guard finished with 25 points on 9 - of - 20 shooting from the field , which included hitting seven shots from behind the arc .
The Charlotte Hornets ( 22 - 23 ) defeated the Sacramento Kings ( 20 - 24 ) 129 - 128 in double overtime at Sleep_Train_Arena on Monday .
The Thunder ( 15 - 9 ) have won seven of their last eight after Sunday 's contest .
Boston will host the Atlanta Hawks on Monday , while Detroit will host the Trail_Blazers on Tuesday .
The Nets have been skidding all season , seeing coach Lionel Hollins fired and GM Billy King tender his resignation .
Houston won despite going 7 - of - 12 from the charity stripe and 15 - of - 49 from long distance thanks to its defense .
Los_Angeles entered the fourth quarter trailing by seven but went on an offensive tear to finish the game , establishing a lead in the final minutes .
Dallas will look to bounce - back when they host the Memphis Grizzlies on Friday .
Danilo Gallinari played through tricep soreness in his shooting arm , converting 4 - of - 14 from the field for 13 points , supplemented by three blocks and three three - pointers .
Harden hit five , while bench guard Eric Gordon hit six en route to 26 points on the night .
Dwyane Wade 's 21 points led the Bulls , while Nikola Mirotic 's 20 points in 30 minutes off the bench followed .
The Mavericks will finish off a back - to - back set Friday when they play on the road against the Utah Jazz .
Augustin ( three points , three assists ) only played 15 minutes despite starting at point guard , as Payton 's performance dictated heavy minutes .
This marked the Pistons second straight loss .
Bradley Beal was Washington 's best player , as he accumulated 41 points , five rebounds and eight assists .
He scored 16 points to go along with three rebounds and is now averaging 24 points and 7 rebounds on the year .
Barnes shot a respectable 10 - of - 21 from the field and hit 2 - of - 4 from beyond the arc .
Chicago ( 21 - 21 ) did not let the second half of a back - to - back hold them down on Sunday , as the team fought out the game until the final seconds .
That snapped a three - game losing streak for Denver , which is a great sign with Oklahoma City , San_Antonio and Cleveland next on the schedule .
Miami ( 7 - 15 ) are as beat - up as anyone right now and it 's taking a toll on the heavily used starters .
Aminu followed with a bench - leading 20 points , which he supplemented with seven boards , five assists and three blocks .
Despite playing on limited minutes due to a foot injury that robbed him of two full seasons of play , Embiid is the runaway favorite for Rookie of the Year this season .
The last four minutes added some drama after Jamal Crawford and DeAndre Jordan hooked up time and time again to put the Clippers up as many as 16 points with under 7:0 minutes remaining in the final period .
It marked the point guard ’ s third consecutive double - digit scoring night , as he continues to receive a considerable allotment of playing time even when Jrue Holiday is active due to the latter ’ s minutes cap .
Toronto will return to action on Saturday , as they host the New_York Knicks for their next game .
Maurice Ndour followed with 15 points , seven rebounds , three blocks and one steal .
Backcourt mate Bradley Beal followed closely behind with 27 points , which he complemented with seven rebounds , four assists and one steal .
After playing in 17 minutes , Perry Jones went down with a right knee contusion and had to be carried off the floor .
Mario Hezonja followed with a bench - leading 13 points , which he supplemented with two rebounds , one assist , one steal and one block .
Jae Crowder notably went scoreless over 30 minutes , but did have three assists , two rebounds , two steals and two blocks .
DeAndre Jordan recorded a double - double of 11 points and 13 rebounds .
Mike Scott also managed double - digit scoring off the bench with 11 points .
Dallas drained 11 three - pointers to Memphis ’ seven , and the Mavs also outrebounded the home team 48 to 42 .
What makes the win even more impressive is that Miami did it without guard Dwyane Wade ( hamstring ) .
Isaiah Thomas finished with 20 points , but struggled shooting , going 6 - of - 21 from the field , including 0 - of - 5 from long range , along with seven assists , three rebounds , and two steals , in 34 minutes .
Jeff Teague turned in one of his worst offensive performances of the season , shooting just 4 - for - 15 from the field , including 0 - for - 5 from three point range .
Devin Booker led Phoenix in scoring , as he accumulated 28 points , five rebounds and three assists .
Utah was missing Derrick Favours , who was a game - time decision .
The Grizzlies are still locked into the two seed after the unfortunate loss , possessing the same record as the three seed Clippers and five seed Spurs .
This was his tenth double - double on the year , as he 's now averaging 25 points , 8 assists and 5 rebounds on the season .
The team handed Golden State their second loss of the season on Wednesday , and stands at second place in the Southwest division .
Former Bucks guard Brandon Knight got the start for his new team Monday .
The Warriors close out the season Wednesday in a re - match with the Grizzlies .
Josh Richardson followed with 17 points , one assist , one rebound , five steals and one block .
Up next , the 76ers will look to keep up their winning ways Saturday against the Heat , while the Magic will look to end their three - game losing streak Saturday against the Mavericks .
It was only his second start of the year , so it was good to see him have some success .
Dwight Howard missed his fourth straight game due to ankle and knee issues .
Joe Johnson came up huge in 33 minutes off the bench , with 22 points on 8 - of - 10 shooting , including 4 - of - 5 from deep .
With the loss , Memphis falls to 6 - 14 against teams above .500 in 2015 - 2016 .
On another note , Anthony Davis set a Pelicans franchise record with 24 points in the first quarter .
Joffrey Lauvergne matched Westbrook 's scoring total while leading the bench and added six rebounds and four assists .
Cousins rounded out the box score , but not in the precise fashion that he has been providing all season long .
Elfrid Payton accumulated 20 points , 11 rebounds and 11 assists en route to a triple - double .
Thursday marked the sixth game this season that Tobias Harris played as a reserve , and it was yet another great performance off the bench for the 6 - foot - 8 forward .
On deck for the Nuggets is a road matchup against the Dallas Mavericks on Monday . .
On deck is a matchup against the Chicago Bulls on Sunday .
Kobe Bryant shot just 1 - for - 14 from the field to finish with a season - low nine points .
Los_Angeles dropped to 6 - 7 and reside in third place in the Western_Conference 's Pacific Division .
Jimmy Butler and Dwyane Wade followed Mirotic with matching 23 - point efforts .
Cleveland welcomes the red - hot Grizzlies to Cleveland , also on Sunday .
Richaun Holmes totaled 16 points , six rebounds , four assists , three blocks and one steal .
Harden finished with 20 points , nine assists and four rebounds en route to the victory .
Orlando ( 0 - 1 ) was expected to be the more improved team while the Heat ( 10 ) were supposed to decline , but that did n't show in the opener .
Despite the defeat , the Raptors remain atop the Eastern_Conference 's Atlantic Division , and retain the second seed in the conference .
Tobias Harris accrued 17 points , six rebounds and two assists off the bench .
Amar ' e Stoudemire tallied 13 points , five rebounds and a steal .
Nerlens Noel 's four - point , eight - rebound line doesn ’ t look great , but his four blocks and four steals were a huge game changer tonight .
Kent Bazemore and Dennis Schroder combined for 30 points , while Mike Muscala ( 11 points ) led the reserves in his return to the second unit .
McHale was coaching his fifth season with the team .
LeBron James may have been even better though , as he accrued 31 points , 13 rebounds and four assists of his own .
This intrastate grudge match was a battle right from the start , with 20 lead changes in the game and the score tied in the last minute .
He did , however , struggle shooting from the field , going just 8 - of - 21 overall Wednesday .
Also coming off the bench , Aron Baynes added a double - double with 12 points and 11 rebounds .
It was the first time since late - November that the 39 - year - old Argentinian played 25 minutes in a single game and just the third time all season .
Manu Ginobili came off the bench to score an efficient 15 points ( 5 - 12 shooting ) and collect five rebounds in 27 minutes .
Sacramento was led by Cousins ' second monster performance in as many nights .
Sacramento was without Ramon Sessions ( back ) for the eighth straight game .
Double-double machine DeAndre Jordan recorded just nine rebounds , contributing heavily to LA 's deficit on the glass .
Dante Cunningham was a surprise contributor on offense , compiling 17 points , six rebounds , an assist , two steals and four blocks .
Elfrid Payton , Terrence Ross and Aaron Gordon were next with a trio of 12 - point efforts .
Nelson finished with 16 points and a game - high 11 assists , while Jokic notched 15 points and 14 rebounds .
Golden_State will look to continue its hot streak on Wednesday when it hosts the Pacers .
McCollum , is beginning to receive most improved player nods from the broadcasts teams , as the Lehigh product finished the night with 22 points , three rebounds and one assist .
The Clippers dominated the second half of the game , during which they outscored Miami 59 - 38 .
Golden_State stopped their two - game skid with the win .
Denver will end their season on Wednesday when they take on the NBA 's top team , the Golden_State Warriors .
Duncan has put in two strong games in a row , combining for 36 points , 13 rebounds and 10 assists over those two outings .
Marcus Smart entered the starting five in his stead and did n't disappoint , producing 22 points , six assists , five rebounds , two steals and a block .
It was a stellar Blazers debut , however , for recently - acquired big man Jusuf Nurkic .
The win snapped an 11 - game losing streak for the Knicks in games in which Anthony had not taken the court .
The win ended a seven - game losing streak and was just their third win in 22 games .
Jimmy Butler secured five steals to match his total post - All - Star break .
Jeremy Lin added an efficient 17 points in 20 minutes , while his backup , Isaiah Whitehead , came off the bench to shoot 7 - of - 7 shooting from the free throw line en route to scoring 14 points in just 18 minutes .
Millsap is proving to be one of the best stat - stuffers in the NBA right now and arguably one of the best power forwards in the association .
Sophomore shooting guard Devin Booker , meanwhile , added 21 points on 9 - of - 19 shooting .
Prior to this win Chicago had lost four of their last five games .
Los_Angeles has a day off before hosting the Golden_State Warriors on Sunday .
The Pacers ( 34 - 32 ) have been dominant at home all season , with this win giving them their 23rd home victory of the year .
Despite missing key contributors Alec Burks ( ankle ) and George Hill ( toe ) , Utah shot 58 percent from the field and went 13 - of - 23 from beyond the arc .
Marvin Williams continued his underrated season , as he amassed 21 points , eight rebounds and three blocks .
The Dallas starters proved to be the downfall , as only Dirk Nowitzki was able to register any kind of scoring output .
The Grizzlies ( 36 - 30 ) are really struggling right now , as this marks their fifth - straight loss .
Those are just bizarre scores from quarter - to - quarter and both coaches must 've needed heavy doses of Ibuprofen after a game like this .
Oklahoma_City had several players make their Thunder debuts Saturday , including Enes Kanter , Kyle Singler , and D.J Augustin .
The Mavs shot 47 percent from the field and 41 percent from three - point range , and six players posted double - digit scoring .
This was one of Denver 's best games of the season , as they recorded a impressive 27 assists in the win .
Anthony Davis continues to show that he may not have any peers .
As the Raptors jockey for position in the Eastern_Conference playoff race without Kyle Lowry , DeMar DeRozan has taken the reigns .
Philadelphia has a two - game losing streak started .
Lou Williams led the Lakers in scoring with 18 points on 6 - 13 shooting , in 30 minutes off the bench .
The host Atlanta Hawks defeated the Milwaukee Bucks , 107 - 100 , at Philips_Arena on Wednesday .
The Raptors ( 24 - 13 ) have now lost four of their last six , as they continue to regress .
The Magic were led by a pair of 14 - point efforts from Nikola Vucevic and Damjan Rudez , with the latter providing his scoring off the bench .
The Cavaliers and Heat reconvene on Monday night in Cleveland for the second game of the home - and - home set .
Oklahoma_City will look to stay hot on Friday against the Houston Rockets in their next scheduled game .
Jrue Holiday was the only other Pelican to reach double figures in scoring , dropping 17 points , four rebounds and six assists off the bench .
Joe Johnson , who headed to the bench with Hayward 's return , tallied 10 points to pace the bench .
The Sixers , meanwhile , became the second team ever to hit 70 losses just days after the Golden State Warriors achieved the exact opposite feat .
The Nuggets remain in fourth place in the Western_Conference 's Northwest Division , and are 8 games behind the eighth - seeded Dallas Mavericks .
Enes Kanter finished second on the team , dropping 23 points , four rebounds and two assists off the bench .
Taking Boozer and Lin out of the starting lineup allows Kobe Bryant to operate unecumbered as the loan dominant offensive player in the starting lineup while giving Lin and Boozer possessions off the bench that do n't require Bryant to force his touches .
The Magic will embark on a two - game road trip that begins on Monday against the Toronto Raptors .
Atlanta will look to keep up the good form against the Los_Angeles Clippers on Wednesday .
Nikola Jokic recorded another triple - double , as he collected 13 points , 14 rebounds and 10 assists .
as he led the team with 27 points and eight rebounds on 10 - of - 12 shooting .
Jabari Parker was the player of the game , as he tallied 31 points , nine rebounds and seven assists .
Tyler Johnson paced the Miami bench with 12 points and six rebounds .
Next up , the Clippers will visit the Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 43 - 20 ) on Wednesday .
This game was a blowout from start to finish , as the scoreline was closer than the actual result .
Butler followed with 14 points , four rebounds , three assists and two steals , which led the starters .
Jae Crowder shot 3 - of - 5 from long range on his was to 16 points in 37 minutes .
Evan Fournier carried the load in this defeat , as he tallied 25 points , four rebounds and three steals in the loss .
Another key was the rebounding , as they snatched down 51 rebounds to the Pelicans 43 boards .
The loss was a costly one for the Celtics , as the loss brings them into a tie for the eighth spot in the Eastern_Conference with the Pacers and Hornets .
Andrea Bargnani sat out this game with an illness .
Justin Holiday got the start at two - guard and compiled 13 points , seven rebounds , three steals and a block , while Porzingis came back down to earth with 11 points , five rebounds , three assists and three blocks .
The 37 - point explosion nears his career high of 42 set earlier in the season .
Miami was coming off an impressive win in Chicago on Sunday , but a rash of injuries left it thin against Milwaukee .
The Charlotte Hornets ( 31 - 41 ) defeated the Atlanta Hawks ( 55 - 18 ) , 115 - 100 , on Saturday at the Time_Warner_Cable_Arena .
The host Portland Trail_Blazers defeated the visiting Sacramento Kings , 122 - 120 , in overtime on Friday .
Kyle Lowry missed his second straight game for Toronto with a back injury .
They take on the Toronto Raptors at home on Thursday night .
In contrast , Lou Williams had a dreadful night from the field , hitting just 1 - of - 10 shots en route to scoring five points , and the favorite to win Sixth Man of the Year has now had three straight games where he has failed to score in double figures .
On Wednesday , the Hawks will host the Knicks and the Wolves will visit the Nuggets in Denver .
They will take on the No . 2 seed Cleveland Cavaliers in the first round of the NBA playoffs this weekend .
This was only his third game of the season , while the points , rebounds and assists were all season - highs for the rookie .
Both teams play on Friday , as the Clippers visit the Utah Jazz ( 39 - 39 ) , while the Lakers visit the New_Orleans Pelicans ( 29 - 49 ) .
The defending champs will need contributions from secondary players such as Thompson as the regular season unfolds .
With the matchup 's conclusion , the Celtics will own the five seed in the East , while the Heat will hold third .
The Blazers will visit the Denver Nuggets on Saturday , while the Clippers play their first home game hosting the Utah Jazz on Sunday .
Joakim Noah posted an impressive 14 - point , 16 - rebound double - double that also included three assists , two steals and a block .
It 's obvious watching the team that they are improving under coach Quin Snyder , so time and experience will be the test to see if the Jazz have the right guys to build a winning team around .
The Pacers move to 9 - 4 at home with the win and will look to keep it up as they host the Hornets on Monday .
The Pistons will host the Bucks on Monday , in what will be the fourth game of a nine - game home stand for Detroit .
Despite being one of the youngest rookies , Booker is now just the second member of the 2015 draft class with multiple 30 - point games , joining first overall pick Karl-Anthony Towns .
Both teams play again on Wednesday , as the Kings host the Boston Celtics , while the Bulls visit the Golden_State Warriors .
Irving followed James with 26 points , seven assists , a rebound and four steals .
On the Clippers end , it was Paul ’ s unselfish leadership , as he finished with 21 points , four rebounds and 13 assists .
The Thunder ( 41 - 30 ) now have 26 wins at home , as they 've made Chesapeake_Energy_Arena an absolute fortress .
Chris Paul matched Jordan 's 17 points , to go along with 11 assists to complete a double - double .
Their improvement had persisted in recent outings despite the multi - game absences of Jahlil Okafor ( shin ) and Nerlens Noel ( knee ) , and they reaped the benefit of Noel 's return Wednesday .
Gorgui Dieng recorded a 13 - point , 11 - rebound double - double .
He also made his presence felt on the defensive end , recording three steals and a blocked shot .
Derrick Favors made a brief appearance after missing the previous two games due to back problems .
The Timberwolves ( 1 - 5 ) came in to Tuesday 's contest having played solid defense through their first five games , allowing only 100 points per game , while the Nets ( 3 - 4 ) had been much more generous , allowing 107 points per contest .
The Pelicans offense was especially efficient , as they shot 55 percent from the field and assisted on 31 of their 45 made baskets .
Marc Gasol pushed through the bone bruise on his knee to lead the Grizzlies in scoring , ending the game with 28 points , 12 rebounds and four blocks .
DeAndre Jordan totaled 14 points and 18 rebounds .
The loss puts them behind the Raptors for the 3 - seed in the Eastern_Conference , and the Raptors also hold the tiebreaker on the season .
Lou Williams continued his run at a coveted sixth - man award , as his 15 points marked his fifth - straight game with at least 14 points scored .
The Cavaliers are now winners of three straight games after dropping their six previous games , including a 95 - 92 loss to the 76ers on Jan 5 .
Jabari Parker was just as good , totaling 21 points and 13 rebounds .
Big man LaMarcus Aldridge sat out Monday 's contest for rest , but the Spurs were able to make up for the All-Star 's absence .
The Cavaliers improved to 18 - 7 and have a hold of first place in the Eastern_Conference 's Central Division .
However , Butler was able to ultimately make a return from his heel injury , and his presence unsurprisingly made a considerable impact .
Portland ( 21 - 27 ) has looked stronger lately after a dismal start to the season .
The win moved the Bulls one and half games ahead of the four seed Toronto Raptors with eight games remaining .
The Chicago Bulls blew out the host Brooklyn Nets on Monday , 118 - 88 .
The Celtics have won two very important games against the Pacers and Charlotte Hornets , the two teams they are battling with in search of reaching one of the final playoff spots .
Eric Bledsoe followed with 23 points , while rookie Marquese Chriss contributed 15 .
Washington ( 9 - 14 ) continues to struggle this season and losses to teams like the Heat obviously does n't help their cause .
The Trail_Blazers start a five - game road trip Sunday against the Toronto Raptors .
Both teams made just 33 shots , but the Magic took 18 more shots than the Suns , as they were far from efficient in their loss .
After leaving Tuesday 's loss due to a shoulder injury , Davis missed Wednesday 's game and has struggled to get on the court lately .
Alex Len put up an 11 - point , 10 - rebound double - double to go along with six blocks .
The Trail_Blazers will look to rebound in their next game against the Indiana Pacers on Thursday .
Derrick Rose had a nice game though , as he tallied 20 points , five rebounds and four assists in the defeat .
Jeff Green led the Celtics with 28 points ( 8 - 18 FG , 1 - 4 3Pt , 11 - 11 FT ) , but the bench was just as huge in this one , with four players scoring at least 18 points .
His performance relegated recently acquired Reggie Jackson to bench the final quarter .
He finished with 31 points and 15 rebounds in 43 minutes , and it appears the Pelicans are going to hitch their ride to the workman - like superstar this season in their bid to become a part of the playoff conversation in the stacked Western_Conference .
The Pacers had entered Thursday 's contest sporting an impressive 11 - 5 home record and playing quality basketball overall .
The Magic head back home to take on the Brooklyn Nets on Thursday night while the Cavs head to Beantown for a pivotal showdown against the Celtics on Wednesday evening .
Friday 's defeat tied a not - so - prestigious franchise record for most losses in a single season .
Coming off a season where he shot the lowest field goal percentage of his career — 46 percent — Wade looks to be trending in the wrong direction , shooting just 41 percent out the gates in 2016 .
Jonas Valanciunas put up 17 points and 14 rebounds in Monday 's loss .
Marc Gasol ran the offense tonight through the post , as he tallied 18 points , five rebounds and six assists .
The Magic 's road does n't get much easier , with the Mavericks , Thunder , and Spurs on the dockett .
Wilson Chandler followed with 20 points , three rebounds , one assist and one block .
DeRozan led all scorers with 41 points , which he complemented with 13 boards and two steals .
The Heat return home to face the Detroit Pistons on Saturday night , while the Bulls remain home to take on the Philadelphia 76ers on Sunday evening .
Davis also made his presence felt on defense with two steals and four blocks .
Bismack Biyombo recorded a double - double off the bench , scoring 13 points and grabbing 10 rebounds on 6 - of - 8 shooting .
The Pistons will return home Wednesday to take on the Magic .
The Nuggets will play a back - to - back and hop from Manhattan to Brooklyn to take on the Brooklyn Nets ( 13 - 39 ) on Monday .
Much like the Celtics , the Pacers have their eyes on the Brooklyn Nets and Miami Heat , the two teams that hold the final two playoff spots in the Eastern_Conference .
Enes Kanter was the only other Thunder player in double digits , tallying 20 points in 23 minutes .
Los_Angeles ( 12 - 25 ) , meanwhile , has struggled mightily since starting the season at 8 - 8 .
With the Pacers on a tear lately , they will carry strong momentum into their matchup in Memphis on Saturday .
Jrue Holiday was just as good , collecting 30 points , nine rebounds , seven assists and three blocks .
The Cavaliers ( 40 - 16 ) have now won nine of their last 11 games , as they continue to surge .
The visiting Phoenix Suns defeated the injury - riddled Los_Angeles Lakers on Friday , 119 - 115 .
Damian Lillard did not back down from the difficult matchup against Russell Westbrook , and knocked down the game tying and go ahead 3 - pointers to earn the comeback win .
Kentavious Caldwell-Pope managed just nine points , but Ish Smith , back on the second unit with Jackson 's return , registered a bench - leading 11 points .
The Bulls have a great matchup in their final game , as they host the Brooklyn Nets on Wednesday .
DeMarcus Cousins ' triple - double kept the Kings in the game .
The Nuggets , though not mathematically eliminated from playoff contention , sit six games back from the eighth spot in the West .
His contributions , combined with those of DeMar DeRozan , spearheaded an offensive effort that saw Toronto tally a 52 percent success rate from the field , and an even more impressive 53 percent mark from three - point range .
The Trail_Blazers will stay home to host the Toronto Raptors on Tuesday .
Nene and DeJuan Blair returned from their one - game suspensions .
He has , however , remained limited as of late , as he has played just 21 minutes per game over the course of January .
As a unit , Los_Angeles shot 44 percent from the field , which bested Portland 's lowly effort of 35 percent shooting .
The Nuggets also outrebounded the Grizzlies 40 - 27 .
Memphis will look to rebound in a home game against the Oklahoma_City Thunder on Thursday for their next matchup .
The team finished with 149 points , the eighth - most ever scored in a game without overtime .
Boston looked like it was back in the swing of things on Wednesday , however , as the team earned a hard - fought win over the Eastern_Conference 's top team .
The team has yet to find a replacement for the injured Tyreke Evans , and they 'll need Davis to play up to his All-Star standards if they want to win some games .
This was a revenge game for many players , but the Pelicans made minced meat of the Kings .
Cousins went back to the line later in the period to tie the game at 102 points a piece , however , Tyler Johnson 's and - 1 sealed the deal with under :20 left and the Heat came away with a wild road victory .
The point guards were n't too shabby either , as Jrue Holiday accrued 22 points and six assists , while Goran Dragic collected 23 points , four rebounds and five assists .
Evan Fournier finished second on the team with 18 points , while Elfrid Payton managed 15 points , five rebounds and three assists on 7 - of - 8 shooting .
The Bulls were the final team of a brutal three game stretch that included wins over the Raptors and Clippers beforehand .
They outscored the Thunder , 44 - 22 , in the paint .
The young Pacers center went on to score 22 points and grab 10 rebounds , to go along with two blocks .
Thomas scored 33 points and hit five three - pointers , helping to extend his streak of games with at least 20 points to 43 .
It doesn ’ t get much easier in the Heat 's next game , as they host the San_Antonio Spurs on Tuesday .
Ricky Rubio recorded a triple - double , accumulating 11 points , 13 rebounds and 10 assists .
He chipped in four points and five rebounds as a reserve .
He was about right on par with his season averages of 16 points and 4 assists per game .
Six different Bucks scored in double figures , led by Jared Dudley 's 18 points .
Phoenix ’ s next game will be even tougher , as they host the San_Antonio Spurs on Sunday .
The Phoenix Suns ( 6 - 4 ) out - lasted the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 2 - 9 ) leading to a 120 - 101 win for the Suns .
Whiteside is also the only player in the NBA currently averaging at least 17 points and 14 rebounds per game .
Butler , Rajon Rondo and Dwyane Wade combined to shoot 14 - of - 50 from the field in their defeat .
McCollum combining for 31 points on 10 - for - 15 shooting from the floor .
Jose Calderon added 15 , and Cole Aldrich , who started at center with Amare Stoudemire resting , finished with 11 points and seven rebounds .
The Knicks have shown considerable signs of improvement so far in the 2015 - 16 campaign , after losing a whopping 65 games last season .
With Friday 's win , the Clippers extend their winning streak to three games .
The Raptors will begin a six - game road trip in Denver on Monday .
Brook Lopez notably had a subpar effort with six points , seven rebounds and two assists .
Milwaukee faltered in overtime to drop the second half of a back - to - back set .
Houston 's Eric Gordon scored 20 points and had five three - pointers , building on his NBA lead in the category .
The Indiana Pacers defeated the visiting Dallas Mavericks , 130 - 121 , in overtime at Bankers_Life_Fieldhouse on Wednesday .
Devin Booker had a solid all - around game , posting 15 points , nine assists and six rebounds , while Eric Bledsoe was n't too far behind with 14 points and seven assists .
This team was just 5 - 11 at the Pepsi_Center prior to this win and they need to make that home venue a safe haven if they want to have any success this season .
DeMarcus Cousins put up an awe - inspiring performance in another tough loss .
Butler did come off a 47 minute performance on Monday , so it is possible that it was a strategic rest on the Bulls part .
Miami will look to keep rolling on Friday against the Miami Heat .
Despite the loss , the Rockets have won six of the eight games they 've played since Dwight Howard went down with his most recent knee injury , proving that they can continue to win even without Howard .
Irving added a career - high 13 assists , six rebounds and a steal , while James posted nine rebounds and six assists .
The steals were also a season - high for him , as it was easily his best showing of the year .
These are two of the worst defensive teams in the NBA and that fact ended up prevailing once again on Saturday .
Jimmy Butler was the player of the game , as he tallied 25 points , six rebounds , four assists , four steals and two blocks .
Up next , the Cavaliers hit the road against the Heat on Monday .
With several other players sidelined with injuries as well , the Thunder had just eight healthy bodies to use and were still able to come away with a win .
Next up , the Suns host the Portland Trail_Blazers on Wednesday , while the Clippers stay at home the same day to face the Oklahoma_City Thunder .
Omer Asik scored six points go to with 14 rebounds , while Davis ’ replacement in the starting lineup , Ryan Anderson , had eight points ( 2 - 11 FG ) .
The Rockets ( 53 - 25 ) are secure in the three - seed in the West , but they 're still playing hard night after night .
He finished the game with 17 points , 12 rebounds and 14 assists .
He finished the game with 17 points , 12 rebounds and 14 assists .
The Grizzlies wo n't get much rest , as they 'll take on the Chicago Bulls on Friday .
The Suns ( 18 - 40 ) were led by Booker , who posted 27 points , three rebounds , two assists and two steals .
The Mavericks ' next game will be on the road against the Oklahoma_City Thunder on Thursday after the All-Star break , while the Jazz will be at home against the Portland Trail_Blazers on Friday after the All-Star break as well .
Rodney Hood left the contest with concussion - like symptoms and did not return .
The Magic begins a two - game road trip against the Oklahoma_City Thunder on Monday , and the Mavericks host the Minnesota Timberwolves after an off day .
The Blazers also recorded nine blocks in the game compared to the Bulls three and it 's shocking that they lost with these sort of statistics in their favor .
The Thunder 's next game is on the road against the Toronto Raptors on Tuesday , while Nets will go on the road to Minnesota and play the Timberwolves on Wednesday .
Rookie Rondae Hollis-Jefferson tallied a strong double double with 11 points and 11 rebounds in 28 minutes as a starter .
Denver will begin a four - game homestead hosting the San_Antonio Spurs on Sunday .
New_York will host the Nuggets on Friday , while the Clippers will visit Charlotte on Saturday .
The win extends Charlotte 's streak to three games , but they did suffer a setback after Michael Kidd-Gilchrist left the game twice with back soreness .
Deandre Jordan was the starter to shoot over 40 percent , as he finished with nine points and 11 rebounds on 4 - of - 5 shooting .
For the Thunder ( 12 - 8 ) , they continue to roll as they have now won four in a row after dropping three straight .
Golden_State has a few days off until they play the Portland Trail_Blazers on Friday in their next game .
Derrick Rose finished with 13 points , two rebounds and four assists before departing in the third quarter with a leg injury .
Dwight Powell continues to put together strong efforts for the Mavericks off the bench and has become a vital part of Dallas ’ big man rotation .
What killed Utah was it 's three - point shooting , as they went 6 - for - 34 from long range .
On deck for Toronto is a matchup versus the New_York Knicks on Monday in the back end of a back - to - back set .
Lopez 's newly - added three - point shot was a focal point for the Nets , as the big man attempted 11 three - pointers on the night , making four .
Thanks to the win , the Jazz became just the fifth team in NBA history to move from the 20s to the 30s to the 40s to the 50s in the win column in consecutive seasons .
Along with Jackson 's solid offensive performance , both Andre Drummond and Kentavious Caldwell-Pope were key in Sunday 's win .
The Sixers improved to 2 - 30 but remain in last place in the Eastern_Conference 's Atlantic Division .
Lin started Wednesday but came off the bench for Friday 's victory .
The Heat are in direct competition with the Pacers and Hornets for one of the final two spots in the East , which could be a blessing or a curse depending on how they perform against them in their next two games .
He was on fire , hitting nine of his eleven shots from the field .
The Thunder 's next game is Friday against the New_York Knicks , and it 's possible Russell Westbrook ( hand ) could return for that game .
The host Los_Angeles Lakers beat the visiting Brooklyn Nets , 125 - 118 , on Tuesday .
Doug McDermott was one away from his career - high , as he finished with 17 points off the bench .
James Harden 's 25 points , 11 rebounds and 13 assists added to his already ridiculous averages of 31 points , 8 rebounds and 13 assists per game .
Trevor Ariza amassed 15 points and 10 rebounds .
The Golden_State Warriors defeated the New_Orleans Pelicans , 123 - 101 , at Oracle_Arena on Saturday .
The Grizzlies will host the Trail_Blazers on Monday .
After a back - and - forth tussle for three quarters , the Nets entered the final period on the wrong end of an 88 - 83 score .
The Hawks will host the Sacramento Kings on Monday , while the 76ers will stay at Wells_Fargo_Center and welcome the Orlando Magic on Tuesday .
Kent Bazemore filled in at small forward and contributed three points and three rebounds over 30 minutes .
The Mavs shot an impressive 17 - of - 31 from beyond the arc .
The Nets ( 15 - 57 ) had come into Friday 's contest on somewhat of a hot streak by their standards , as they 'd notched six victories during March , and two in a row for the first time all season .
Reserve forward Richaun Holmes was ruled out Saturday as well , after having departed the contest versus the Nets the night prior with Achilles soreness .
Meanwhile , Detroit will host the Knicks on Thursday for the second half of their back - to - back .
Houston will look to play better against the New_York Knicks on Saturday , as both teams are playing the second half of a back - to - back set .
Despite Orlando recording more offensive rebounds than Detroit , they lost the defensive rebounding battle 44 - 30 .
In February he is averaging an Oscar Robertson-esque 30 points , 10 assists and 9 rebounds a game .
The Orlando Magic defeated the host Oklahoma_City Thunder 119 - 117 at Chesapeake_Energy_Arena on Sunday .
Nerlens Noel shot an efficient 5 - 8 from the field , on his way to 11 points , along with five rebounds , two assists , three steals and one block , in only 27 minutes .
While they semeed to stick with their starting lineup in this game ( to some extent , at least ) , they still lost another game , and this one was by a large margin .
Julius Randle double - doubled in the loss , as he amassed 11 points and 15 rebounds as well .
The Heat 's Tyler Johnson came out of nowhere to score a game - high 26 points off the bench , 11 of which came in the fourth quarter .
Despite being out - rebounded 42 - 31 , the Hawks were still able to force the Celtics into 23 turnovers , giving them enough of an advantage to grab a four - point victory .
The Raptors will visit Phoenix Thursday while Golden_State will host Dallas on Friday .
After a mediocre start , OKC has established themselves comfortably as the third - ranked team in the Western_Conference , and have slowly been gaining on the second seed San Antonio Spurs , who currently rank dead last in strength of schedule .
The Timberwolves fall to 2 - 2 and second place in the Western_Conference ’ s Northwestern Division .
The Los_Angeles Lakers ( 10 - 41 ) defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 14 - 36 ) 119 - 115 on Tuesday night .
Atlanta also recorded 30 assists on their 41 made baskets , which is a fantastic ratio .
In total , Gobert has 20 double - double this season after recording 19 in all of his 2015 - 16 campaign .
LaMarcus Aldridge recorded a double - double , totaling 15 points and 11 rebounds .
Phoenix outscored Portland 30 - 20 in the third quarter but was unable to sustain that pace as the Trail_Blazers outscored the Suns by 20 points in the fourth .
Starting his third game in a row with Jeff Teague sidelined due to an ankle injury , Schroder continued to show his worth .
Los_Angeles ( 40 - 28 ) has hit a bit of a rough patch in its season .
He 's combined for 29 points and 14 assists over his last two games , and he 'll need to continue to play well if the Celtics want any chance at pulling off an upset during the playoffs .
The bench is the only reason Los_Angeles hung around , as they outscored their starters 52 - 47 and the Timberwolves bench 52 - 20 .
Houston will look to keep rolling on Monday in a road matchup against the San_Antonio Spurs .
Jeff Green provided 17 points on his own off the bench on 7 - of - 12 shooting .
Andre Iguodala was the only other player to score in double digits for the Warriors , as he added 14 points , five rebounds , five assists , three blocks and two steals , in 28 minutes off the bench .
He was only 2 - of - 10 from three - point range , his second - worst effort in that category this season .
The Hawks made a change to the starting lineup , with Kent Bazemore heading to the bench with a knee injury and Tim Hardaway , Jr. stepping into the starting five in his stead .
Miles replaced Solomon Hill , who had started all but one game this season .
Without Bryant , Los_Angeles was able to beat conference leader Golden State on Tuesday , but they were unable to get a win in Chicago .
Okafor supplemented his scoring with eight rebounds , an assist , a steal and a block .
Marcin Gortat totaled 12 points , five rebounds , two assists and three blocks .
The Magic were led by Evan Fournier in this game , as he tallied 30 points , five rebounds , four assists , and two steals across 42 minutes of play .
Griffin 's return timetable remains unclear with reports suggesting he could be sidelined for anywhere from 2 - to - 6 weeks following surgery .
As a team , the Nuggets posted stats reminiscent of their high - tempo offenses of the late 80s and early 90s .
Eric Bledsoe carried the load for Phoenix , accumulating 28 points , four rebounds and five assists .
He supplemented his scoring with three assists and a rebound .
It was Wall 's seventh straight double - double , as he continued his stellar play during Beal 's extended absence .
He returned to the court Wednesday , though , and successfully made his way to 18 points ( 5 - 16 FG , 1 - 2 3Pt , 7 - 7 FT ) , seven assists and two blocked shots .
Golden_State is off to a strong start in 2014 , and they 'll be at home against the Charlotte Hornets on Saturday night .
Burke added two rebounds , two assists and two steals to his game - high scoring total .
Meanwhile , the man Mirotic replaced in the starting lineup , Joakim Noah , failed to record any points in 17 minutes , before limping off the court in the second half after taking a hard hit to the ankle .
The Pelicans return from the break next Friday at home against the 76ers .
However , the veteran decided to tough things out and remain active in a reserve role , in an effort to help the Heat put a halt to a recent cold spell that had seen them lose three of their last five contests .
Despite recording 21 assists to just four turnovers , the Pacers still fell short , and the loss leaves them tied with the Hornets for the eigth seed in the East , with Miami just a half game behind them .
Sacramento plays the second game of a back - to - back at the Portland Trail_Blazers ( 20 - 26 ) on Tuesday .
More importantly , though , is the idea that when Ginobili is productive in his role off the bench , the Spurs are extremely hard to beat .
He did , however , commit five turnovers , the sole blemish on an otherwise typically remarkable performance .
LaMarcus Aldridge had his way with the young frontcourt of the Timberwolves .
Tyler Johnson was Miami 's best player , as he collected 24 points , two rebounds , four assists and two steals off the bench .
He returned moments later after receiving treatment on the sideline .
Karl-Anthony Towns led the way for Minnesota , as he accumulated 26 points and 12 rebounds .
Seems like a great gift for the potential rookie of the year .
David Lee remained side - lined with a lower back injury .
The veteran forward hauled in a season - high 18 boards , while also posting 20 points .
Avery Bradley was the Celtics best player , as he tallied 23 points , seven rebounds and four assists .
It was one of his most productive games of the short season he 's had , including a new season - high in rebounds .
The Raptors have dropped two straight to follow up a four - game win streak and are now 4 - 4 in the month of February .
The Suns came back from a 15 - point deficit to defeat the Nets in overtime .
More importantly , the notoriously bad shooter went 8 - for - 13 from the field and committed just two turnovers in the blowout victory .
On deck for the Blazers is a road matchup against the Indiana Pacers on Saturday .
Next , the Rockets host the Raptors on Friday .
The Kings fell to 10 - 16 and currently reside in fourth place in the Western_Conference 's Pacific Division .
Rebounding proved to be another major factor in the game .
Kemba Walker carried the load , as he accumulated 21 points , five rebounds , six assists and four steals in the win .
The shooting slump snapped a streak of 14 straight games scoring double figures .
Up next , the Bulls travel to Memphis to take on the red - hot Grizzlies on Friday .
The Wizards have won four straight at home , with their last loss at the Verizon_Center coming at the hands of the Chicago Bulls on Dec. 23 .
The Oklahoma_City Thunder defeated the Phoenix Suns , 114 - 101 , at Chesapeake_Energy_Arena on Saturday .
Ellington left the game early after suffering what might be a possible concussion after colliding with Jordan .
Smith has been in the zone of late , pouring in 24 or more points in each of his last three outings .
On deck for the Hornets is a home matchup against the Miami Heat on Thursday .
Lopez added eight rebounds , two assists , a steal and four blocks to his game - high scoring tally .
Nene Hilario got the start and was second on the team with 21 points and six rebounds .
Coach Mike Budenholzer , a Greg Popovich protege , was ejected early in the third quarter with the Hawks down 25 .
Sacramento stopped their two - game losing streak with the win .
Noel came through with an impressive double - double , tallying 14 points , hauling in 11 boards , and adding three steals and a pair of blocks .
He plans to return for the Sixers ’ next game .
Westbrook recorded game highs in points ( 36 ) , assists ( 12 ) , and steals ( 5 ) .
The Suns had another strong showing from their backcourt of Eric Bledsoe and Goran Dragic .
Memphis ( 43 - 38 ) is locked into the seventh seed and will play San Antonio in the first round of the playoffs .
The third pick of the 2015 draft , Jahlil Okafor , was the story of the game in his debut .
The team greatly missed superstar Kevin Durant who continues to miss games with a hamstring injury .
Eric Bledsoe totaled 17 points , six rebounds , six assists and three steals in the defeat .
Jason Smith was also productive in a reserve role , registering 12 points , four assists and three rebounds .
They rank second in the NBA in points allowed and absolutely stifled the Nuggets here .
New_York is still trying to find their identity , and this was their sixth loss in a row , after a promising 2 - 1 start to the year .
It marked his second double - double in a row , a stretch where he 's combined to go 21 - for - 36 from the field and 3 - for - 6 from the three - point line to score 50 points .
Miami shot 53 percent from the field and outrebounded the Nets 44 - 35 in the win .
Serge Ibaka shot 58 percent from the field , on his way to 19 points , while Fournier shot 56 percent on his way to a team - high 22 points .
It was Williams ' fifth straight game scoring at least 24 points , which also includes three games with at least 30 points .
Karl-Anthony Towns was great as well , as he accumulated 19 points , 13 rebounds and five assists in the defeat .
While DeMarcus Cousins , Rajon Rondo and Rudy Gay were likely the three best players on the floor , the Celtics are simply a better team .
Orlando won the game 101 - 99 after NIkola Vucevic hit a 20 footer as time expired .
The Magic head back home to face the Denver Nuggets on Saturday night , while the Hornets head to Cleveland for a Saturday night showdown against the Cavaliers .
Off the bench Matt Barnes gave his usual gritty effort and filled the stat sheet with five points , five rebounds , three assists and one block .
The Rockets were dealing with an onslaught of injuries heading into the game .
Los_Angeles finished the regular season winning 14 of its final 15 games and seven in a row .
The Clippers will resume play on Feb. 19 against the Spurs .
He did n't get nearly as many shots off as he has most of the season so far , so it resulted in scoring less than his season average of 23 points per game .
Blowout losses like this at home are a bad sign for future endeavors and one has to wonder if their rub last year was a fluke .
Off the bench , Joakim Noah stuffed the box score , recording eight points , 11 rebounds and a team - high seven assists in 23 minutes .
The Pacers improved to 19 - 14 and continue in third place in the Eastern_Conference 's Central Division .
Jae Crowder collected 13 points , three assists and two rebounds .
They head home for a showdown versus the Grizzlies on Saturday .
The third strong performance from the bench was to recently acquired Jonas Jerebko .
His rookie teammate , Zach LaVine , played a team - high 42 minutes and notched 11 points and eight assists .
The Blazers will host the Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 54 - 24 ) as part of the second game of a back - to - back on Wednesday , while the Kings welcome the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 25 - 52 ) on Wednesday .
Alex Len was available to play , as he was not suspended for his scuffle with Hassan Whiteside in Monday 's game with the Miami Heat .
Austin Rivers was the player of the game , as he tallied 27 points , four rebounds and six assists .
Austin Rivers was the player of the game , as he tallied 27 points , four rebounds and six assists .
This marks Portland 's ( 38 - 38 ) sixth straight win and the 11th straight loss for the Suns ( 22 - 55 ) .
The Clippers have owned the Timberwolves over the past few years and took a 14 game winning streak against Minnesota into the contest .
Atlanta played without starters Jeff Teague and Kent Bazemore , who were sidelined with ankle injuries .
The Heat ( 7 - 17 ) dropped their fifth straight game , however they have been hampered by injuries , and were missing Justise Winslow ( wrist ) , Dion Waiters ( groin ) and James Johnson ( shoulder ) in this one .
Goran Dragic ( calf ) and Beno Udrih ( neck ) both sat out , leaving Dwyane Wade to start despite sore shoulders .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 32 - 21 ) defeated the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 13 - 38 ) 120 - 105 on Sunday at Quicken_Loans_Arena in Cleveland .
Miami will look to keep up the momentum when they host the Toronto Raptors on Friday in their next game .
The only other player to score more than 10 points was Allen Crabbe , who scored 17 points off the bench .
On deck for the Hornets is a home matchup versus the Miami Heat on Wednesday .
Butler supplemented his aforementioned scoring total with four rebounds , three assists and three steals .
The Magic have a couple of days off before they take on the Raptors in Toronto on Monday .
Oklahoma_City shot just 38 percent from the floor and missed eight free throws ( 14 - 22 , 64 percent ) as they clearly missed Durant 's presence .
They also drastically outperformed New_York in the paint , 48 - 24 .
Tyler Johnson was productive as a reserve as well with 12 points , seven rebounds and one assist .
The Heat have a slim one - game lead over the Nets for the final spot in the Eastern_Conference playoff picture .
Turner 's teammate Avery Bradley has also been playing through some hands injuries of his own .
The Trail_Blazers are still awaiting the return of Gerald Henderson who should provide an extra scoring touch .
The Raptors head to Cleveland to take on the Cavaliers on Wednesday evening to close out the season , while the Knicks are home against the Sixers in their season finale on Wednesday night as well .
Devin Booker led all scorers with 32 points for the Suns as he knocked down 14 of his 28 field goal attempts .
The Thunder have won the season series 3 - 1 .
Hassan Whiteside totaled 15 points , 11 rebounds , three assists and four blocks .
The Blazers were able to use a strong fourth quarter though , out - scoring the Lakers 28 - 21 , therefore securing the win in front of the home crowd Monday .
Josh McRoberts had a nice all - around game , tallying seven points , eight rebounds and five assists .
The two combined for more than half of the Pelicans ' points on the night , and New_Orleans also forced 16 turnovers from the Nets ( 8 - 30 ) , which continue to give the ball away at the league 's highest clip .
Warren and Eric Bledsoe led the Suns in the scoring department , as the two players combined to go for 46 points , while Devin Booker finished with a lowly 13 points on a rough 4 - of - 15 shooting .
This was Towns ' 51st double - double of the season .
Embiid 's replacements , young centers Jahlil Okafor and Nerlens Noel have , for the most part , failed to do so with each displaying their own glaring weaknesses .
Two of the worst teams in the Western_Conference combined to nearly short circuit the scoreboard in Sacramento 's Sleep_Train_Arena .
Alex Len double - doubled in the loss , as he amassed 14 points , 13 rebounds and three steals .
The young Lakers trio seemed to have cooled down after stringing together an improved set of games .
The Nets have won just two of their last 10 and finish a three - game road trip Saturday against Boston .
JaMychal Green and Mario Chalmers gave the team a nice spark off the bench , as they each scored 15 points and snatched three steals a price .
In April , the Jazz are 3 - 2 with all three wins coming against teams below .500 .
Dallas has played three games already since the All-Star break ended , losing Thursday 's game to the Thunder before taking home wins on Friday and Sunday .
The Magic host the Cleveland Cavaliers for a quick one - game homestand Sunday .
Randolph also notched a double - double , pulling down 14 rebounds .
They added another injury to the ledger when Kris Humphries hurt his hamstring in the first half and was unable to return .
Rudy Gobert put in work as he gobbled up 14 rebounds to go a long with 10 points , in 36 minutes .
Phoenix was missing half of their starting back court as Eric Bledsoe sat out with a sore knee .
Reggie Jackson supplied the Thunder with an effective bench presence as well with 18 points and seven rebounds .
Monta Ellis was a distant second with a solid 17 points , six rebounds , four assists and four steals .
Part of the team 's struggles has been the absence of star guard DeMar DeRozan ( ankle ) , who missed action again on Wednesday .
The Raptors fell to 16 - 11 but remain in first place in the Eastern_Conference 's Atlantic Division .
Most notably , Walker is finishing over 50 percent in the paint , a trend that many analysts are highlighting Stephen Curry for improving during the offseason as well .
Curry finished with 20 points , which led all Kings scorers , and added 15 assists and three rebounds .
He scored a game - high 26 points Sunday .
The Jazz shot 54 percent from the field and hit 17 three - pointers on 56 percent from beyond the arc .
Golden_State also dominated in the stat sheet defensively , recording 14 steals and 13 blocks .
For Boston , the win was the second half of a back - to - back after Milwaukee snapped the team 's four - game win streak on Tuesday .
It took a late run by the Blazers , as they ended the game on a 11 - 4 run to pull away .
Kyle Korver returned to the lineup after missing the last three games with a broken nose .
They mainly lacked punch from the outside , as Miami shot just 6 - of - 30 from behind the arc as a team .
Matt Barnes was back in the line up after missing one game with a thumb contusion .
J.R. Smith was notably the only member of the first unit to struggle , posting just three points on 1 - of - 11 shooting .
Brandon Knight led all scorers with 27 points to go with six assists and five rebounds .
Julius Randle was a bright spot , as he accumulated 13 points , 18 rebounds and 10 assists en route to a triple - double .
The Suns ' Eric Bledsoe promptly evened the score with a layup , to bring the game to its first overtime .
He notably tallied 12 of his points in the final period , and hauled in the aforementioned final rebound off Harden 's miss .
The Rockets were without Dwight Howard for the second straight game as he continues to nurse a strained right knee .
Enes Kanter was highly efficient off the bench , amassing 22 points , 10 boards , a pair of steals and a block .
This was a close call , but the versatility and grittiness of this team is hard to match .
Cody Zeller paced Charlotte with 19 points , five rebounds , four steals and two blocks .
LeBron James is showing no rust after sitting out for two weeks with knee and back issues .
Nikola Jokic finished with a double - double including 11 points and 14 rebounds , as well as four assists and one block , before fouling out in 25 minutes .
Hassan Whiteside 's incredible 14 - point , 24 - rebound outing was n't enough to negate Miami 's poor shooting effort .
They head home for a Saturday night showdown with the Mavericks .
The Magic showcased the talent they possess as well , it just was not enough to keep pace with the Lakers game plan .
Phoenix had a crucial four - game home stretch last week , but went 1 - 3 and stumbled again Monday .
Mike Conley was back in the starting line up after missing five games with a sore achilles .
Karl-Anthony Towns carried the load for Minnesota , as he totaled 27 points and 16 rebounds .
The Lakers will kick off their `` home - and - home `` set against the Clippers on Sunday .
The only other Heat player to reach double figures in points was Mario Chalmers , who finished with 11 points ( 4 - 8 FG , 1 - 4 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) and five rebounds .
2015 first overall pick Karl-Anthony Towns has had an outstanding rookie campaign , with only a few hiccups along the way .
Detroit ( 7 - 9 ) has really struggled recently , but a home game against the Heat is just what the doctor ordered .
However , overtime was a possibility until the final buzzer , when Kentavious Caldwell-Pope 's 50 - foot three - point attempt failed to find the net and sent the Pistons ( 6 - 8 ) to their second home defeat in as many games .
DeMarcus Cousins struggled with his shot , but still finished with 18 points , 16 rebounds , six assists , three steals and two blocks in the loss .
For Sacramento ( 27 - 41 ) , rookie Skal Labissiere had a breakout game to lead the team to a win .
Kawhi Leonard continued his torrid start , as he scored 22 points in just 27 minutes of play .
Tyler Ulis finished second on the team , accruing 15 points , six rebounds and 10 assists .
Dallas ( 16 - 29 ) has now won five of its last seven contests and is looking like a team that could cause trouble in the wide - open eighth seed race in the Western_Conference .
The Grizzlies ( 42 - 34 ) have now followed up two wins after four - straight losses , as they appear to be out of that slump .
The four - year pro managed an impressive 11 points in just 15 minutes , which was his highest allotment of playing time in the four games that he 's been active this season .
Eric Gordon was the only other Pelicans starter to tally double - digit scoring with 11 points .
Elfrid Payton tallied 11 points , while Bismack Biyombo 's 12 - point , 11 - rebound double - double led the bench .
Charlotte ended their four - game losing streak with the win .
DeMarcus Cousins left the game late in the fourth quarter after injuring his left leg under the basket , but was a key part in sparking a failed comeback effort throughout the final period .
Jordan posted a game - high 19 rebounds as well as two steals and four blocks .
They remain home for a Saturday afternoon showdown against the Clippers .
Miami will look to snap this small slide in a road game against the Houston Rockets on Wednesday .
Where the Rockets won the game was on the inside , as they outscored the Raptors , 66 - 50 , in the paint .
The Hornets saw four starters and one reserve tally double - digit scoring , and were led for a second consecutive night by Kemba Walker .
John Henson had one of his best games as the starting center for Milwaukee , totaling 12 points , eight rebounds and five blocks .
Garrett Temple continues to fill in admirably for Bradley Beal ( wrist ) as the starting shooting guard .
Stephen Curry was second on the team , as he accumulated 21 points and seven assists in the win .
Tobias Harris provided 17 points , six rebounds and three assists of his own .
Dwight Howard returned to action Saturday after missing the Rockets ' last 11 games with a knee injury .
Ryan Kelly ( hamstring ) made his season debut and finished with two points on 1 - of - 2 shooting .
Malcolm Brogdon and Greg Monroe chipped in 14 points each , with Monroe adding 10 rebounds , to notch the double - double .
Normally , Martin is one of the more efficient free throw shooters in the league .
Kevin Martin returned to the starting lineup after missing six games with a strained hamstring .
In injury related news , the Pacers did see one of their top young prospects leave the game .
This marked another huge win for the Thunder , as they continue to hold on to the eighth and final projected playoff seed in the Western_Conference standings .
Chicago ( 3 - 3 ) got off to a great start with three - straight wins , but have regressed to lose their last three games .
Walker , who totaled 21 points , six assists , five rebounds and two steals , helped seal the victory with a go - ahead jumper with 4:3 remaining that he followed up with an acrobatic highlight - reel layup and three - point jumper shortly thereafter .
Detroit will look to play better on Wednesday , when they host the Memphis Grizzlies for their next game .
It was the first time Drummond played 30 or more minutes and did n't record 10 rebounds since Feb. 28 .
New_York trotted out a patchwork starting lineup with Amar ' e Stoudemire , Andrea Bargnani , and Carmelo Anthony all sidelined with injuries .
Paul put up a team - high 29 points and 12 assists Sunday and has recorded double - digit assists in eight of his last nine games .
Irving 's 26 points paced Cleveland , a total he supplemented with four assists , two rebounds and two steals .
Reggie Jackson departed the game in the first three minutes due to a leg injury , but returned to lead the Pistons with 18 points and seven assists .
In their stead , however , rookie sensation Devin Booker has emerged as one of the league 's rising stars .
The Raptors , on the other hand , have lost eight of their last ten games , but sit tied for the third projected playoff seed with the Chicago Bulls in the Eastern_Conference standings .
Charlotte was already missing Cody Zeller and Michael Kidd-Gilchrist coming into this contest , and Al Jefferson missed the second half with continued knee soreness .
Parker is averaging 14 points , 5 assists and 2 rebounds on the year .
He supplemented that total with five assists , four rebounds and one block .
He 's only averaging 8 points on the season , but he 's put together two impressive performances in a row , combining for 42 points and five steals .
His spectacular performance helped overcome a remarkable effort on the other side from Devin Booker , who posted a game - high 31 - points .
The Los_Angeles Clippers defeated the host Minnesota Timberwolves 119 - 105 at Target_Center on Saturday .
What may have been the difference is free throws , as the Thunder made only 12 - of - 21 from the line .
On a night when Klay Thompson ( 3 - 16 FG , 11 points ) struggled , Andre Iguodala contributed 15 points off the bench , and Andrew Bogut chipped in eight points to go with a game - high 18 boards .
He could 've recorded even higher numbers , but considering the blow out and the recent injury , he was limited to just under 25 minutes on the court .
Nikola Vucevic recorded a double - double off the bench , accruing 18 points and 11 rebounds .
In fact , Michael Beasley , Michael Brogdon , Greg Monroe and Jason Terry combined for 49 points , 18 rebounds and 13 assists on 20 - of - 35 shooting as the only four bench players to appear .
While Young did manage his fifth double - double in the last six games , the 10 points he posted represented his third - lowest total of the campaign .
The Pistons head back home to await the Boston Celtics for a Saturday night showdown , while the Cavaliers will have four days off before taking on the visiting Portland Trail_Blazers on Wednesday .
Tyler Ulis shot just 7 - of - 24 from the field , but still accrued 17 points , three rebounds , 11 assists and three steals .
While the Suns went into halftime with the lead , the Heat were able to out - score them 57 - 46 in the second half to secure the comeback victory on the road .
Jameer Nelson scored a team - high 22 points and is averaging 17 points per game over the last nine games .
McCollum followed closely behind with 30 points , six assists and three rebounds .
The win brings Boston up to seventh place in the Eastern_Conference standings , owning tiebreakers over both Indiana and Charlotte with just 16 games left on the schedule .
Rashad Vaughn pitched in with 14 points , four assists , three rebounds , two steals and one block .
The Heat and Knicks reconvene in Miami on Friday night for the second game of the home - and - home series .
MKG lit up the Milwaukee defense , scoring 23 points and grabbing 14 rebounds .
The Dallas Mavericks defeated the New_Orleans Pelicans , 96 - 83 , at American_Airlines_Center on Saturday .
The Mavericks will host the struggling Houston Rockets in their next game on Friday .
Harris recorded a game - high 25 points in Thursday 's victory over the Hornets , and with that , he is now averaging 22 points per game over his six as a reserve this year .
Nikola Jokic continued his ridiculous 2017 , collecting 19 points , 14 rebounds and eight assists .
Karl-Anthony Towns added 18 points and 16 rebounds , while Zach LaVine as on fire from long range , where he hit 6 - of - 9 .
Veteran big man Pau Gasol scored an additional 22 points and recorded nine rebounds and six assists .
Jennings has gone on a scoring tear over his past two outings , combining for 64 points over that span , as he 's been a big reason for the teams recent success .
The win puts them a half game behind the Los Angeles Clippers for the six projected playoff seed in the Western_Conference standings , while they own a four and a half game lead over the Oklahoma City Thunder .
No other starter recorded more than three rebounds or three assists and it was just an ugly performance from Orlando .
With Bogut steal dealing with a lingering hamstring injury , Mejri 's performance against Philadelphia may have given the Mavericks some much - needed insurance in their frontcourt rotation .
Okafor continues to show himself as one of the top rookies in his class , now averaging a class - leading 20 points , 7 rebounds and 1 assists on the year .
Wes Matthews was the Mavericks second leading scorer with 15 points ( 5 - 16 FG , 5 - 11 3PT ) as Dallas could n't get anybody going besides Nowitzki .
While the Jazz were expected to win this game rather easily , it took a monster effort to beat this battling Suns team .
Portland has won nine straight games and have n't shown any fatigue as a result of their early - season win sprints .
Dwight Howard posted a 14 - point , 10 - rebound double - double and Kent Bazemore poured in 12 points .
the 24 points were a new season - high for the guard , who has received extra playing time due to the injuries that have taken a toll on this roster here at the end of the season .
No other player on the team had more than seven points aside from Bledsoe , Len and Booker .
The Clippers ( 26 - 14 ) have now won four - straight games , as the return of Chris Paul ca n't be understated .
Luol Deng scored 17 , Dwyane Wade scored 18 , and Joe Johnson scored 18 in the victory .
This was the fifth loss in a row for the Pistons , who have been struggling lately and remain out of a playoff spot .
Center Rudy Gobert added 12 points and a team - high 11 rebounds , as well as two blocks .
The Kings accomplished this without starter Rudy Gay ( heel ) , who did not suit up for the game .
Things do n't get any easier for Los_Angeles , as they play the San_Antonio Spurs for their next game on Saturday .
James Harden was the only Houston player with more than 13 points , as he accumulated 27 , while also adding three rebounds and nine assists .
The Knicks ( 22 - 31 ) have been mired in controversy on and off the court in recent weeks , with rumors swirling about a possible trade of franchise cornerstone Carmelo Anthony and losses in three of their last four games .
It was the 21 - year - old 's first double - double in three games , but his sixth in the month of March .
Manu Ginobili came off the bench to provide 11 points , three rebounds and three assists .
The Pacers have four days off before they head on the road for a Saturday matchup against the Mavericks .
The Bulls were carried by their stars on the wing , with Jimmy Butler and Dwyane Wade combining to score 64 of the team 's 107 points , allowing the Bulls to still be in the game in the closing moments .
He also managed 11 rebounds , two assists , a steal and two blocks .
Jeremy Lin paced the Charlotte reserves with an efficient 13 - point , four - assist , three - rebound effort , while also adding a pair of steals .
The Chicago Bulls defeated the host Cleveland Cavaliers , 117 - 99 , at Quicken_Loans_Arena on Saturday .
Atlanta took Friday 's game 87 - 81 , but Orlando was reinforced by the return of starting center Nikola Vucevic on Saturday to give them a more stout lineup .
Enes Kanter and Jerami Grant played well off the bench , combining for 21 points and eight rebounds .
Gorgui Dieng added 11 boards of his own off the bench , meaning that five Minnesota players collected at least seven rebounds .
His standout night included a 6 - of - 11 tally from three - point range .
The Grizzlies enjoyed plenty of rest , as no player played more than 27 minutes .
The Lakers have lost nine of their ten games in March , but none have been by more than seven points .
The Golden_State Warriors defeated the New_Orleans Pelicans , 116 - 106 , at Oracle_Arena on Monday .
A game between two teams officially out of playoff contention turned out to be a competitive and entertaining affair .
For just the third time this month he failed to record double - digit assists or rebounds , and for just the second time in March he did n't record 24 points or more .
The final starter , Kent Bazemore , shot 0 - of - 6 from the field and finished with just one point , one assist and one rebound in 18 minutes .
Trevor Booker ( nine points , four rebounds ) was the only other contributor of note .
Dallas really turned it on in the second half , as they outscored the Grizzlies 57 to 44 .
Much better than his season averages of 10 points , 8 rebounds , 2 blocks and 2 steals .
On deck for New_Orleans is a home matchup against the Houston Rockets on Friday .
Hibbert is only averaging 11 points so far this season , so it was good to see him heat up a little bit against a mostly inexperienced Bucks front line .
Brooklyn gets a three - day break before a date with the Rockets in Houston on Wednesday .
James added five rebounds , four assists and a pair of steals to his scoring haul .
Kendall Marshall made his season debut after knee surgery , and poured in five points over 16 minutes .
This now gives San_Antonio 41 - straight wins in their home building .
The Celtics also out - rebounded the Knicks 46 - 41 , only helping to further their lead .
Darren Collison and Arron Afflalo put forth a pair of eight - point efforts , with the former adding two assists and one steal , and the latter providing four rebounds and three assists .
In Boston 's last 13 games , Crowder has grabbed at least nine rebounds seven times , and they are 6 - 1 in those contests .
Brook Lopez finished with just 15 points and four rebounds on 4 - of - 12 shooting .
Houston has won four straight games , finding ways to win despite being without Dwight Howard ( knee ) and Terrence Jones ( knee ) for much of the season .
The Bucks and Pacers split the season series at two games apiece .
For OKC , meanwhile , superstar Russell Westbrook put on a show .
The New_Orleans Pelicans ( 12 - 12 ) defeated the Utah Jazz ( 6 - 19 ) 119 - 111 on Tuesday .
He 's been absolutely on fire of late , averaging 35 points , 7 rebounds and three steals per game over his last three outings .
The Warriors ' next game will be on the road against the Atlanta Hawks on Friday , while the Mavericks will travel to Sacramento to play the Kings on Thursday .
To triple - down on injuries for the evening , starting point guard Goran Dragic was forced to leave the game in the third quarter with a lower back contusion and could not return .
They hit the road for a date with the Sacramento Kings on Friday night .
He snatched an incredible 24 boards , while scoring 18 points .
The Cavs have a chance to formally eliminate the Bulls on Saturday .
Shabazz Muhammed ended up being the only other Timberwolves player to score in double figures , as he scored 15 points in 17 minutes off the bench .
O.J Mayo and Jared Dudley both managed to play over 10 minutes off the bench despite nagging injuries .
Darren Collison added clutch baskets down the stretch , adding 11 points , which tled the bench in scoring .
The Indiana Pacers defeated the Chicago Bulls 111 - 94 at Bankers_Life_Fieldhouse on Saturday .
George Hill was able to play his third straight game , but was on a minutes limit .
Green finished with 13 rebounds and three points in 36 minutes on the floor .
The Hornets were missing big Al Jefferson who was out with a calf strain , but who also was just suspended for five games for violating the NBA 's anti - drug policy .
No other player on the roster finished with more than 13 points , five rebounds or four assists .
Minnesota saw an all - around offensive effort en route to a blowout of the Utah Jazz on Wednesday .
Chicago has won four straight and seven of their last eight .
Nikola Vucevic had a nice game too , as he totaled 19 points and eight rebounds .
The Knicks ' win Sunday marks the end of their seven - game losing streak .
Khris Middleton added 15 points and four rebounds , while John Henson had 14 points and and four rebounds of his own .
Los_Angeles also hurt themselves with free - throw shooting , as they went just 6 - of - 14 from the charity stripe .
Rondae Hollis-Jefferson mustered a modest six points but also hauled in nine rebounds in another start .
The Pelicans host the Jazz on Saturday .
Tyler Ulis led the way for Phoenix , as he collected 17 points , 11 assists and three steals .
Philadelphia has dropped four straight games , and the only team looking up at them in the Eastern_Conference standings are the lowly New York Knicks .
The Timberwolves will have a quick turnaround , finishing up a back - to - back road set Monday in Oklahoma_City .
The Thunder are eighth in the Western_Conference , 2 games ahead of the ninth - place Pelicans .
The Pistons will host the Oklahoma_City Thunder on Sunday to finish off their back - to - back set .
Portland ( 24 - 34 ) is quickly losing ground in the tight Western_Conference playoff race .
Charlotte , meanwhile , saw a sub - par night from the field .
Darren Collison turned in a nice game with 13 points , seven rebounds , and eight assists .
The Bucks shot a blistering 56 percent from the field , including 36 percent from long range as they breezed passed the Wizards .
Jonas Valanciunas scored a team - high 17 points and pulled down seven rebounds .
Up next , the 76ers will look to earn their second winning streak of the season against the Pistons on Sunday , while the Pelicans will head to Los_Angeles on Saturday to take on the Clippers .
The Nuggets fell to 6 - 9 and are currently in last place in the Western_Conference ’ s Northwest Division .
Joakim Noah went scoreless over 15 minutes , contributing just four rebounds , an assist and a steal overall .
Chicago fell to 15 - 10 and currently resides in third place in the Eastern_Conference 's Central Division .
Kosta Koufos and Arron Afflalo both scored in double figures for the first time this year as well .
Houston fell to 10 - 12 and currently resides in fourth place in the Western_Conference 's Southwest Division .
Brooklyn is dealing with several injuries and are mired in trade rumors surrounding several of their players , putting their status as a competitive squad for the remainder of the season in question .
The Pelicans have won three of their last five games , and more importantly , they 've been more competitive over the last week against elite teams thanks to the addition of Dante Cunningham as a defensive player off their bench at small forward .
Batum had his own double - double with 23 points , 10 assists , five rebounds and a steal .
Eric Bledsoe had an illness that jeopardized his playing status but he was able to suit up and play .
The Raptors came into this matchup as the projected fourth seed for the Eastern_Conference playoffs , but were looking to move up into the third seed , where the Chicago Bulls currently sit .
Meanwhile , Toronto plays host to the Los_Angeles Clippers on Sunday afternoon .
The Sixers kick off the second half of the season at home against the Washington Wizards on Friday , February 24th , while the Celtics head to Chicago to take on the Bulls on Thursday evening to close out the first half of their season .
Miles managed 27 points in just 22 minutes on the floor , while adding a pair of rebounds and an assist .
Gerald Green also left the game with a sore knee .
The Spurs ( 48 - 13 ) have now won seven - straight games , as this was their second - straight overtime victory .
Jrue Holiday finished second among starters , amassing 21 points , three rebounds and seven assists .
DeAndre Jordan grabbed 14 rebounds , adding eight points to his line .
These are two defenses that usually stifle their opponents , but both offenses played better than expected .
The Wizards turn around quickly for a road game against the Memphis Grizzlies on Saturday , the first of three road games .
They played without Rajon Rondo , but all the other starters filled - in nicely in his absence .
Point guard Darren Collison tied for the team - high scoring total with 22 points , including the game - winning shot with just 4 seconds remaining .
San_Antonio will host the Knicks on Saturday , while the Grizzlies visit Golden_State on Sunday .
The young center continues to grow in his new starting role with Portland .
Hasan Whiteside truly rounded out the stat sheet in an impressively difficult matchup with the lengthy Milwaukee Bucks .
Quality reserves Marco Bellinelli and Darren Collison led the Kings ' bench with 15 - and - 13 point outings , respectively .
Ben McLemore had a fantastic showing with his shot .
Kemba Walker is currently in the middle of putting the finishing touches on his 2016 All-Star Game campaign , and while his numbers have been , for the most part , impressive , they have , more often than not , come with a cost .
His scoring haul included three three - pointers .
The Heat were led by a trademark Hassan Whiteside double - double ( 20 points , 15 boards ) and he also recored a pair of blocks .
They finished the game shooting 54 percent from the field and 35 percent from the three - point line , while the Raptors shot 46 percent from the floor and 35 percent from beyond the arc .
The Mavericks ( 28 - 38 ) are battling for the eight - seed in the west and losses like this are devastating for that pursuit .
Washington had one of their best performances of the season here , as they pulled out a near wire - to - wire win over the champs .
Wayne Ellington totaled 10 points , three assists , a rebound , a steal and a block .
Tyson Chandler was unable to take the floor with his back injury , but D'Angelo Russell shook off the effects of a bruised shin to suit up for the Lakers .
Three-point shooting really killed Indiana , as they went just 6 - of - 27 in the loss .
Arron Afflalo paced the reserves with 14 points , five rebounds and an assist .
They 'll return home to host the Cleveland Cavaliers on Friday .
For the second straight game , Wade shot just 5 - of - 13 from the field , making him 10 - of - 26 over his last two games for just 27 total points .
The Spurs will host the Miami Heat on Monday for their next game .
The Nets shot a cool 47 percent ( 9 - 19 ) from three as a team .
The Raptors will take on the Rockets in Houston on Saturday , while the Hawks will take on the Bucks in Milwaukee on Sunday .
Oklahoma_City also imposed their will down low , as they outrebounded their visitors by a 49 - 35 margin .
He preserved the pristine effort from the charity stripe in the second half , finishing 15 - for - 15 for the game .
One of the more disappointing aspects of the night for the Lakers , though , were the struggles of second overall pick Brandon Ingram .
The Celtics host the Detroit Pistons on Sunday before turning around for another road game .
Toronto fell to 21 - 15 but remains in first place in the Eastern_Conference 's Atlantic Division .
Jabari Parker was the only other starter in double figures , amassing 16 points and four rebounds of his own .
Utah 's domination was even more evident in the second half , when they held the helpless visitors to 31 total points .
LaMarcus Aldridge was right behind with 18 points , 12 rebounds , five assists and a block .
Jae Crowder and Marcus Smart followed with matching 19 - point efforts .
Veteran Joe Johnson chipped in 13 points and six assists , shooting 5 - of - 10 from the field and 2 - of - 2 from beyond the arc .
The Thunder will look to continue their good play against the struggling Phoenix Suns on Thursday .
Most impressive , however , is that Rubio has shot well over 50 percent from the field in his last two games , and over the six games in March , the point guard is shooting 47 percent from the field and 38 percent from behind the arc - - both which would easily be monthly bests this season .
The Magic bench made its presence considerably felt as well , with three players , two of them newcomers , posting double - digit points .
J.R. Smith totaled 12 points , five rebounds , one assist and one steal over 23 minutes in a reserve role as well .
The Boston Celtics took down the visiting Detroit Pistons at TD_Garden on Monday , 113 - 109 .
Rudy Gobert finished with 12 points and 14 rebounds en route to a double - double as well .
New_York will look to keep rolling against the Miami Heat on Tuesday .
The Suns will host the Oklahoma_City Thunder on Sunday , as the Trail_Blazers will welcome the Denver Nuggets to Portland on Saturday .
For the Celtics , the story of the game from them was rookie wing Jaylen Brown 's explosion in the box score amidst his start in the place of an injured Jae Crowder .
With the vicotry , the Magic were able to snap a four - game losing streak and will hope to gain some confidence for the future .
Golden_State 's efficiency was one of the biggest factors , as they recorded 35 assists on 56 percent shooting to Detroit 's ' 22 dimes on 51 percent .
Rookie Doug McDermott found his stroke off the bench , shooting 4 - for - 6 from the field and 1 - for - 2 from three - point land .
Denver were able to hold on though , despite missing their last four free - throws .
Evan Fournier hit the go - ahead bucket to give the Magic a 102 - 101 lead with 14 seconds left to end a raucous comeback attempt from the Rockets .
Jahlil Okafor exited early with knee soreness after 12 minutes , posting four points and one rebound before heading to the bench .
Despite out - scoring the Bulls 36 - 22 in the third quarter , the Jazz were n't able to complete the comeback and took the two - point loss to the Bulls .
Sean Kilpatrick was Brooklyn 's best player , as he tallied 14 points , six rebounds and four assists .
The Pelicans visit the Oklahoma_City Thunder on Wednesday night , while the Sixers hit the road to face the Phoenix Suns on Friday evening .
The Pacers will visit the Western_Conference ’ s second best squad , San_Antonio ( 23 - 5 ) , on Monday , while the Grizzlies will visit the Philadelphia 76ers ( 1 - 27 ) on Tuesday .
He had 20 points and 11 rebounds , although he only made 4 - of - 14 shots from the field .
Toronto has won five straight games , knocking down most of the Eastern_Conference 's lottery contingent over the last week .
Big man Julius Randle , meanwhile , went cold , scoring just three points on 1 - of - 5 shooting .
They head back home to face the Denver Nuggets on Friday night .
Utah will have a quick turnaround , as they host the Houston Rockets on Tuesday for their next game .
The Mavericks fell to 9 - 6 and currently reside in second place in the Western_Conference ’ s Southwest Division .
The Grizzlies will return home to host the San_Antonio Spurs on Tuesday .
The win marked the end of a three - game losing streak for the Knicks , as well as the team 's first win at home on the season .
Los_Angeles could n't do anything on offense against the Spurs .
As a team the Jazz shot 54 percent from the field , 43 percent from deep and were plus - 17 on the glass .
Falling for the second contest in a row , the Sixers ultimately could n't keep pace with an intact Raptors rotation .
Though the Kings shot better than the Suns from the field ( 45 percent ) , they also allowed the Suns to stay in the game by coughing up 17 turnovers and giving up 18 easy points off of them .
On deck for the Pacers is a home matchup against the Utah Jazz on Monday .
Norman Powell got the start in place of DeMarre Carroll and finished with 14 points on 5 - of - 14 shooting .
Irving 's stat line consisted of 26 points , six rebounds and six assists , but he did commit a game - high seven turnovers .
This sort of performance exemplifies which directions these two franchises are going right now and Brooklyn is in a lot of trouble right now .
These are two teams expected to battle for a playoff spot in the Eastern_Conference and this game had a playoff atmosphere written all over it in a hard - fought matchup .
Power forward Serge Ibaka added his own double - double , scoring 13 along with 10 rebounds .
Overall , Oladipo is now shooting just 20 - of - 62 ( 32 percent ) from the field and an even more dreadful 3 - of - 21 ( 14 percent ) from behind the arc in the month of February .
The Knicks are last place in the East , elminated from playoff contention .
The Wizards could n't get it done against one of the best of the Western_Conference , marking their fourth loss in as many games .
Minnesota , coming off a league - worst 16 wins in 2014 - 15 , advances to 3 - 2 .
Jameer Nelson was the third Denver player to manage double - digit points in a reserve role , posting 10 points , three assists and a pair of rebounds .
Sixers center Jahlil Okafor had endured a rough last two weeks , posting three lackluster performances before serving a two - game suspension earlier this month for off - the - court scuffles on Thanksgiving Eve .
The Hornets ( 12 - 9 ) needed the win badly after having gone 4 - 6 in their previous ten games .
The loss drops the Heat to a half - game behind the Hornets for the final playoff spot in the East .
The former supplemented his scoring with eight rebounds and five assists , while the latter also supplied three rebounds , three assists and a pair of steals .
DeMarre Carroll equaled Lowry 's scoring total and added five rebounds , one assist , three steals and one block .
DeMarre Carroll equaled Lowry 's scoring total and added five rebounds , one assist , three steals and one block .
Matt Barnes had a nightmare shooting game off the bench as well , scoring two points on 1 - of - 11 shooting .
The points total was a new season high for the eighth - year pro out of Argentina , who 's now averaging 8 points , 7 rebounds and 1 assists on the season .
The Suns play again on Wednesday , when they host the Detroit Pistons for their next game .
The five steals were a season - high for Middleton .
The host Los_Angeles Lakers beat the Denver Nuggets on Tuesday , 120 - 116 .
The Wizards ( 49 - 31 ) are now tied with the Toronto Raptors for the three - seed in the East , as they continue their amazing season .
Dirk Nowitzki and Deron Williams are both dealing with injuries , so J.J. Barea and Harrison Barnes have really stepped up in their absence .
The win against Houston leaves them in third , half a game ahead of their rival Miami Heat .
It was a tough night for young Lakers in general , as guard D'Angelo Russell went just 3 - for - 14 from the field , while forward Julius Randle scored just seven points and recorded only four rebounds .
The Bulls continued to battle , keeping it close , with the score at 85 - 83 with 4:20 left in the fourth , but Grizzles finished strong to earn the win .
Jrue Holiday posted 18 points of his own Thursday but was also very inefficient shooting from the field , going just 5 - of - 13 .
Phoenix 's downward spiral has been due in large part to star point guard Eric Bledsoe 's season - ending meniscus injury .
Nicolas Batum followed with 20 points , seven assists , three rebounds , two steals and two blocks , although he also was guilty of four miscues .
Glen Davis made his season debut after having sat out the first five games of the season with a groin injury .
The Pistons next head down to Central Florida for a Friday evening date with the Orlando Magic , while the Bulls are home against the Philadelphia 76ers on Friday night as well .
Derrick Rose was second on the team , as he accrued 18 points , three rebounds and four assists .
Chicago was shorthanded , playing without Jimmy Butler , Derrick Rose , Nikola Mirotic , and Joakim Noah .
Casspi was in the starting lineup for the first time this season with Rudy Gay sitting out with an Achilles injury .
They only hit 7 - of - 35 from distance , but still managed to shoot 44 percent from the field overall .
However , the Celtics made an unbelievable push to storm back .
The fourth was just as ugly , with Los_Angeles outscoring New_Orleans 42 - 28 .
Next up for the Hawks is a visit to Memphis for a game Friday .
Goran Dragic was second - highest scorer , adding 25 points of his own , while adding five assists and three boards .
Both teams will be on the road Saturday , with the Bulls facing the Clippers and the Jazz seeing the Rockets .
The contest was also the NBA debut for rookie Kris Dunn , the fifth overall pick in the 2016 draft .
The Timberwolves will wind - up their current three - game road trip with a game in Dallas on Sunday .
The Bucks lead the season series 2 - 1 .
Jahlil Okafor got the start for Embiid and totaled nine points , nine rebounds and three assists .
Ryan Anderson had another nice game off the bench though , as he collected 18 points and nine rebounds in the loss .
Zaza Pachulia posted a double - double with 11 points and 14 rebounds ( seven offensive ) in just 28 minutes .
Jeff Teague was the player of the game , as he accumulated 21 points , seven rebounds and 15 assists in the win .
The Spurs ' next game will be on the road against the Denver Nuggets on Tuesday , while the Jazz will travel to Cleveland to play the Cavaliers on Wednesday .
The Suns ( 23 - 57 ) did themselves no favors in terms of their lottery odds , as the win moved them back into a tie for second - worst record with the Los Angeles Lakers .
The Rockets got some great performances from their studs here , but it was one again the defense that let them down .
He was coming off back - to - back scoring performances of 48 and 45 points .
He too was in his second game back , after missing two games with a hip injury .
The four steals marked a new season - high for the center as well .
Omri Casspi led the bench in scoring , accruing 12 points , five rebounds and two steals in the defeat .
The Miami Heat defeated the Brooklyn Nets , 104 - 96 , at American_Airlines_Arena on Monday .
The host Boston Celtics hung on to beat the Miami Heat on Sunday , 112 - 108 .
The 76ers had better have a plan to get things turned around , as they 're on the road in Houston on Friday night against the 7 - 1 Rockets .
Jae Crowder was second on the team , providing 14 points and eight rebounds .
They ’ ve clinched at least a bottom - three record , pulling to within one and a half games of the Minnesota Timberwolves , who square off against the Golden State Warriors later Saturday night .
The Warriors will visit the Clippers in L.A. on Saturday , for the second of a back - to - back .
Brook Lopez was next with 18 points , six rebounds , three assists , five blocks and one steal .
Back in the starting lineup , Robert Covington led the Sixers with 20 points ( 8 - 12 FG , 3 - 6 3Pt , 1 - 2 FT ) , while also adding seven rebounds and six steals .
Jason Smith was also out with a knee injury of his own .
The Nets drop to 1 - 8 and remain in fourth place in the Eastern_Conference 's Atlantic Division .
The Jazz , meanwhile , felt the absence of star center Rudy Gobert ( MCL ) .
Despite the Pacers shooting just 5 - of - 21 from three point range , they finished the game 47 - of - 87 from the field .
The Jazz had plenty of second chances on Monday , as center Rudy Gobert came down with eight offensive rebounds .
In back - to - back games against the Nets and Thunder , he 's combined for 35 points and 19 rebounds , showing no signs of slowing down .
Miami has lost six of their last eight games , and Sunday they were without both Chris Bosh ( calf ) and Josh McRoberts ( knee ) , putting them behind the eight ball trying to fight for a win without their starting frontcourt .
He added 11 points and 15 assists , giving him his fifth one of the year .
Chris Paul was the player of the game , accumulating 19 points , six rebounds and 18 assists on 7 - of - 11 from the field .
Jrue Holiday was the Pelican 's best player , as he dropped a team - high 30 points , to go along with three assists , two steals and two blocks .
The Celtics will head north and visit the Toronto Raptors ( 26 - 15 ) on Wednesday .
Despite the absence of power forward Chris Bosh , who has been sidelined with blood clots , Miami has held steadily onto fourth place in the Eastern_Conference .
The Wizards had been mired in an offensive slump of epic proportions recently , having scored 87 points or less over their last three games .
The Jazz introduced Joe Ingles and Rudy Gobert into the starting lineup with the injuries to Rodney Hood ( heel ) , Patrick Christopher ( knee ) and Enes Kanter ( ankle ) .
He 's scored the game - high mark in five of his last six games , doing his best to will the Thunder into the playoffs and make his case for the MVP Award .
DeMar DeRozan scored 30 ( 12 - 25 shooting ) and added five assists as part of Toronto 's one - two punch .
Not much is going right for the Sixers right now , as this marks their eighth - straight loss .
The visiting Portland Trail_Blazers took down the Miami Heat on Sunday , 115 - 114 .
Next , the Nuggets host the Grizzlies on Monday .
The unfortunate news is that J.J. Barea had to leave this game with a leg injury and he may miss some time after being the teams best player over recent weeks .
Teams have struggled to find an answer for the young forward as he 's now averaging 24 points and 13 rebounds on the year .
The Mavericks are ahead four games .
San_Antonio will conclude their two - game road trip against the Portland Trail_Blazers on Monday .
Paul Zipser finished second on the team , amassing 21 points and six rebounds off the bench .
Detroit next takes on the Magic in their home opener on Friday , while Toronto remains home for an Eastern_Conference Finals re - match with the Cavaliers on Friday as well .
Irving added five rebounds and three assists to his aforementioned scoring total .
Los_Angeles ( 8 - 8 ) , meanwhile , struggled from the field .
Thanks in large part to Faried 's effort , the Nuggets established a 51 - 44 advantage on the offensive glass .
JaMychal Green finished the game with 16 points , five rebounds and five steals .
The 27 points were a season - high for him , while it marked his second double - double in as many games .
Los_Angeles stopped their two - game skid with the win , and they 're still an impressive 5 - 3 without Blake Griffin , who continues to sit out while recovering from elbow surgery to remove an infection .
The Nuggets fell to 12 - 18 and currently reside in third place in the Western_Conference 's Northwest Division .
The 35 points and five three - pointers are a season - high for Dwyane Wade as well , as those five threes nearly matches his season total from last season .
DeMar DeRozan 's absence with an adductor injury is having a noticeable impact on the Raptors .
Nick Young scored 22 points in 28 minutes as a starter .
Newly-acquired , Jonathan Gibson , was the Mavericks best player , as he tallied 26 points , six rebounds and three assists off the bench .
Atlanta responded , pushing the lad back to 14 points , but Caldwell-Pope answered back with seven consecutive points , and a pair of Greg Monroe free throws trimmed the deficit to just seven points with 2:35 remaining .
The Pistons return home to face the Orlando Magic on Sunday , while the Hawks head north of the border to face the Toronto Raptors on Saturday night .
His backup , Jameer Nelson , also scored 18 points and hit four three - pointers .
The Cavaliers have won the season series with the Bulls 3 - 1 .
This loss also marked a franchise - high eighth - straight home loss for the Suns .
In comparison to Washington 's 31 assists , Chicago only had 18 .
The Heat had three players eclipse the 20 - point mark while shooting a superb 49 percent overall .
Detroit will host the Thunder on Tuesday , whlie Atlanta will visit Chicago on Monday .
It was his second double - double in a row , combining for 35 points and 25 rebounds over those two games .
With the postseason out of reach , John Wall sat out a third consecutive game with his knee injury .
The Bulls will host the Portland Trail_Blazers on Friday .
Chris Bosh and Luol Deng were the biggest contributions from the Heat in this game .
The Thunder didn ’ t have their best performance , but a win is a win .
As for Portland , they have now dropped two straight games after rattling off six straight wins and now find themselves just a half - game ahead of the Nuggets for the eighth and final playoff spot in the Western_Conference .
Oklahoma_City has an interesting matchup in their next game , as they host the Miami Heat on Sunday .
Up next , the Warriors host the Celtics on Sunday .
The Hawks ' reserves thrived , however , with big performances from Kent Bazemore , Denis Schroder , and even a double - double from Shelvin Mack .
The 30 combined steals and blocks for the Pelicans marked a season - high as well .
Julius Randle posted a double - double with 21 points and 12 rebounds for the Lakers .
Arron Afflalo added 15 points in the winning effort and shot 5 - of - 11 from deep .
He added three assists and a pair of rebounds , and now has 10 straight double - digit scoring games .
On deck for Utah is a home matchup versus the Portland Trail_Blazers on Tuesday .
The benches were a huge difference as well , with the Nuggets bench scoring 46 points to the Pistons 25 .
The Pacers are currently without four starters , but it was the only starter who 's left that led the charge Monday .
The Pacers fell to 18 - 13 and into third place behind the Bulls in the Eastern_Conference 's Central Division .
Atlanta won this game despite allowing Sacramento to shoot better from the field , the free - throw line , and from three - point range .
The largest contribution off the bench came from Omri Casspi , who notched 27 minutes and scored 13 points .
He also had 13 assists , giving him his eigth double - double in the last nine games .
The Pelicans have been heating up and could surprise the Suns .
Tim Duncan , Tiago Splitter and Manu Ginobili all sat out for rest , while Tony Parker missed the game with his lingering hamstring injury .
He 's been shooting the ball really well lately , shooting higher than 50 percent from the field in three out of his last four games .
The Trail_Blazers , on the other hand , have locked up the fourth seed in the West .
Kosta Koufos was the next most productive starter for the Kings , albeit a distant second to Cousins ' standout effort .
No Milwaukee player managed above 11 points as the Bucks ( 5 - 8 ) were pulverized by the Indiana Pacers ( 8 - 5 ) at Bankers_Life_Fieldhouse .
The New_Orleans Pelicans ( 26 - 22 ) defeated the Atlanta Hawks ( 40 - 9 ) 115 - 110 on Monday at the Smoothie_King_Center in New_Orleans .
Bledsoe has shot 31 - of - 35 ( 89 percent ) from the charity stripe in those four games , effectively covering up how much the point guard has really struggled as of late .
Giannis Antetokounmpo carried the load for Milwaukee , as he accumulated 28 points , eight rebounds , six assists and two blocks on 11 - of - 13 shooting .
Harden 's 26 points led the Rockets , and he also dished out 14 assists , four rebounds , two steals and a block .
That marks the 10tth - straight game that the Clippers have been outrebounded , with nine of those being by at least 12 boards .
The Lakers , meanwhile , saw poor output from their starting five .
The three - point shooting was a stark contrast between the two teams , as Brooklyn shot 3 - for - 12 , with the Trail_Blazers shooting 10 - for - 23 .
Thaddeus Young totaled 19 points , 15 rebounds , two assists , a steal and a block , while Bojan Bogdanovich added 18 points , seven rebounds and three assists .
Michael Beasley was the player of the game , as he tallied 28 points , five rebounds , four assists and three blocks off of Milwaukee 's bench .
Memphis fell to 16 - 15 and currently resides in third place in the Western_Conference 's Southwest Division .
The thrilling matchup that took two overtimes was a neck - and - neck affair from end - to - end .
Dallas will host the Pistons on Wednesday night , while Denver will host the Trail_Blazers on Thursday .
The Magic 's next game is at home against the Toronto Raptors on Saturday .
That effective shooting from downtown has led to him averaging 20 points per game in that three - game stretch , making for one of Porter 's most effective stretches of the season - - a season that may be the breakout year the Wizards have been waiting on since drafting the Georgetown star No . 3 overall .
The Heat ( 14 - 30 ) have now won three - straight games , as the balance beam is evening up with their abundance of close losses .
During the Kings ' four - game losing streak , he 's been one of the few bright spots , as he 's averaged 30 points and 7 rebounds per game over his last three outings .
After hanging tough with the Raptors ( 27 - 13 ) through the first period , New_York saw their hosts outscore them by a whopping 69 - 38 margin over the second and third quarters .
Kentavious Caldwell-Pope was the only starter to score in double digits for Detroit , as he finished with only 10 points on 4 - of - 12 shooting , in 29 minutes .
Hassan Whiteside had another great game off the bench , as he tallied 20 points , 13 rebound and four blocks in the defeat .
The Wizards have already dealt with the loss of an integral component for an extended stretch this season , and that experience is serving them well in the wake of the latest injury to a key cog of their team .
Toronto has won four of their last six games as they continue to find ways to win without DeMar DeRozan ( adductor ) in the lineup .
The Hawks hurled up 100 shots in this game but only hit 43 of them .
Bargnani scored 18 off the bench on 7 - 12 shooting , but Wayne Ellington ( 4 - 11 FG , 3 - 5 3PT ) was the only other Nets player to reach double - digits with 11 .
Crawford aided the starters after making back - to - back baskets early in the final period , and then added a trip to the free throw line , which put the Clippers up by 17 points with 7:50 left to play .
Minnesota will look to bounce back Friday when they welcome the Pistons to Minnesota .
The Raptors forced the Celtics into 28 turnovers , compared to only seven of their own .
On top of it all , the Bucks ending the game on two consecutive turnovers was indicative of the night they had taking care of the ball , as they finished the game with a total of 19 .
It 's a small sample size , but in the four games Buddy Hield has played as a members of the Sacramento Kings since the DeMarcus Cousins trade prior to the All-Star break , the former National Player of the Year has already looked more impressive than he ever did during his tenure with Pelicans .
Paul George was the star for the Pacers , as he tallied 20 points and nine rebounds .
He 's been one of the more consistent players for this team , averaging 17 points , 4 rebounds and one blocked shot during his last 10 games .
With Clint Capela also sidelined with a left hip strain , veteran Josh Smith , reacquired earlier in the month from the Clippers , got the starting call versus Miami .
The Sixers ( 25 - 43 ) have been rightfully lauded for their considerable improvement this season , which has persisted even after the season - ending knee injury to star center Joel Embiid .
The Wizards recent free fall continued and to make things worse , Bradley Beal left the game after 11 minutes with a toe injury .
Serge Ibaka led the Orlando starters in scoring , as he totaled 17 points and eight rebounds .
The resilient Pacers then came back with a jaw - dropping 220 response , consisting of contributions from Jordan Hill , Rodney Stuckey , Paul George and Monta Ellis .
Orlando fell to 20 - 18 but remains in second place in the Eastern_Conference 's Southeast Division .
On deck for Sacramento is a road game against the Dallas Mavericks on Wednesday .
Irving had a game - high 37 points to go with five assists and four rebounds .
The Pistons have moved into third place in the Eastern_Conference 's Central Division , and have momentarily vaulted into the eighth seed in the conference with the victory.
The four steals marked a season - high for him as well .
As a team , the Nets shot a dreadful 33 percent from the field and 17 percent from three , all while recording 21 turnovers to just 17 assists .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 38 - 14 ) defeated the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 11 - 44 ) 120 - 111 on Wednesday .
He 's had a fantastic start to this season and was already averaging 22 points , 1 rebounds , and 6 assists per game heading into the matchup .
Howard is not expected to play and hopes to return for Saturday ’ s game against Denver .
Oklahoma_City will look to keep up their winning ways against the Orlando Magic on Wednesday , in a matchup where they should be double - digit favorites .
Arron Afflalo surprisingly added 12 boards to his scoring haul , along with a trio of assists and a steal .
Justin Holiday was the only player with more than five points , as he collected eight points , seven rebounds and four assists off the bench .
Barnes was a huge spark , adding nine assists and five rebounds to his 12 points .
He did it in only 10 minutes of action , which made it all the more impressive .
The Mavericks , who don ’ t have a back - to - back stint the rest of the month , get two days off before hosting the Oklahoma_City Thunder .
While all 13 Atlanta players that saw action got in the scoring column Wednesday , there were no standout performances in the defeat .
Miami draws a matchup in Indiana on Sunday before hosting Charlotte on Tuesday .
In his second game back from a thumb injury , Nick Young was able to put up solid numbers again .
Trevor Booker recorded a 13 - point , 12 - rebound , four - assist double - double in the defeat .
Both teams play on Tuesday , as the Warriors will host the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 25 - 52 ) , while the Blazers will visit the Sacramento Kings ( 31 - 46 ) .
Boston is now 1 - 1 on its six - game Western_Conference road trip after getting a surprise win over Portland .
Omri Casspi and Darren Collison contributed a pair of 22 - point efforts , which were essential on a night where Rudy Gay could not find the basket for the better part of three quarters .
Jimmy Butler followed with 13 points , six assists and five rebounds .
The rebounding was the big difference in the game , as the Jazz snatched 49 boards compared to 35 for the Pelicans .
Lin and LaVert supplied matching 13 - point efforts , with the former adding five assists , four rebounds and one steal , and the latter registering four rebounds , four assists and a pair of steals .
With the loss , the Heat fell to second place in the Eastern_Conference 's Southeast Division .
Jimmy Butler was the player of the game , as he amassed 21 points , six assists and three steals in the win .
Dennis Schroder did not travel with the team for Tuesday 's game with a toe injury , but an MRI earlier in the day revealed that it 's a sprain rather than a break .
Marc Gasol also had a big game , as he finished with 18 points , six rebounds and five assists .
Most notably , Rookie of the Year front - runner Joel Embiid absolutely dominated Phoenix 's frontcourt .
Rebounding propelled Phoenix , as they snatched down 58 , while holding the Pelicans to 45 .
Rookie Caris LeVert chipped in 17 points off the bench , on perfect 6 - of - 6 shooting , in 25 minutes .
Next the Nuggets will host the Pistons on Saturday , in what will be the seventh game of an eight - game home stand .
Andre Iguodala led the bench with eight points , five rebounds and three assists .
Oladipo finished with 19 points , nine rebounds and eight assists on 8 - of - 16 shooting , while Fournier and Aaron Gordon both totaled 20 points each .
The Pacers pulled down 17 offensive rebounds but just could n't find the basket all night , as they shot just 43 percent from the floor and 30 percent from three .
Ellis had 19 points ( 7 - 13 FG , 1 - 5 3Pt , 4 - 6 FT ) and four assists as the third member of the starting lineup to reach double figures .
The Warriors will finish off their two - game road trip against the Minnesota Timberwolves on Monday .
With Kobe Bryant ( shoulder ) sidelined , the focus was once again on the rookies and sophomores to lead Los_Angeles , and as the season has progressed , the young talent is showing signs of development .
All of the aforementioned players managed solid - to - stellar performances in their new roles , leading to a highly competitive matchup that the Grizzlies were able to triumph in due in to their superior shooting and ball security .
It was n't just a loss in the record book , as Wesley Matthews suffered a calf strain and was unable to return after 17 minutes of action .
Marquese Chriss , Jared Dudley and Alex Len all contributed eight points apiece .
Golden_State won each of the three successive periods however , with their stellar backcourt catching fire .
The Heat were playing from behind for most of this game until Mario Chalmers hit a three - pointer to give them the lead with 3:36 left in the fourth .
George Hill finished second on the team in scoring , collecting 22 points , four rebounds and eight assists .
It is n't often that Golden_State gets tested at home , but a Phoenix team clinging to slim playoff chances gave Golden_State all it could handle Thursday .
Minnesota will look to keep things rolling on Wednesday against the Toronto Raptors .
Steven Adams mustered only six points but did haul in 15 rebounds and added two assists and two blocks .
Walker is dealing with a cyst in his knee and is considered day - to - day .
The big difference in the game were the benches , as Chicago got 44 points from their bench , while the Cavaliers got just 11 bench points .
In all , Memphis ' reserves managed to score 55 of the team 's 108 points and played a big role in their victory .
Cousins reached the line an astounding 19 times , but made just 12 of his free - throw attempts .
The Golden_State Warriors ( 140 ) defeated the Chicago Bulls ( 8 - 4 ) at Oracle_Arena on Friday .
They also fouled a lot , leading to 44 free throw attempts for Utah .
Kelly Olynyk was huge off their bench , amassing 17 points , seven rebounds and three assists .
Monday did not go as well for the young Rocket in his return to the bench , however , as he managed just four points on 2 - of - 7 shooting in 16 minutes .
The Oklahoma_City Thunder defeated the visiting Memphis Grizzlies 114 - 102 , at Chesapeake_Energy_Arena on Friday evening .
Monta Ellis ( calf ) returned to the starting lineup after missing Sunday 's game .
This was n't an aberration for the point guard either , as it was the seventh time this season that Rubio was able to record double - digit assists but not reach double - digit points .
The Warriors ' next game will be on the road against the Houston Rockets on Saturday , while the Clippers will be at home against the Portland Trail_Blazers on Saturday .
As for the Mavericks ( 22 - 33 ) , the loss ends a brief two - game winning streak for the team .
With Chris Paul and Blake Griffin both sidelined by injuries , it took big play from the Clippers ' backups to come away with the win on Wednesday .
With less than a game separating the third and sixth seed in the Eastern_Conference headed into Wednesday , Charlotte 's fate has yet to be sealed .
Sergio Rodriguez tallied a career - high 15 points , along with eight assists and two steals , in 32 minutes .
Wilson Chandler finished with 24 points and four rebounds .
Clint Capela double - doubled , amassing 19 points and 12 rebounds .
Devin Booker was second on the team , tallying 21 points and six rebounds of his own , going just 8 - for - 25 from the field .
Denver remains in fourth place in the Western_Conference 's Northwest Division , and 7 games behind eighth - seeded Dallas Mavericks .
Both Anthony Davis ( ankle ) and Omer Asik ( calf ) were ruled out prior to the game and are to be considered questionable going forward .
Holiday , meanwhile , was lights - out from deep , hitting five three - pointers en route to 13 field goals made .
Toronto will be in action again on Friday , as they play the Detroit Pistons on the road for their next game .
However , it was a standout effort from Jeremy Lin in 39 minutes off the bench that sparked Charlotte .
As for the Hawks ( 9 - 5 ) , they have now dropped their third game in a row in ugly fashion .
With Bledsoe and Knight both inactive , Phoenix looks destined to add another high lottery pick to their already young group of players .
Paul George was second on the team , collecting 19 points , five rebounds and three assists .
The Bulls have managed to stay fixed in the playoff picture despite the onslaught of inuries .
Deron Williams missed his eighth straight game because of a rib injury .
Jrue Holiday ran the offense at ease , collecting 11 points , four rebounds , 13 assists and three steals .
The Wizards ( 32 - 21 ) have been dominant at home this season , as this marks their 18th win in 19 games at home .
Miami ( 2 - 6 ) has really struggled recently and a battle against Utah 's defense certainly was n't the cure .
Orlando 's attack was spearheaded by Fournier 's 28 - point explosion , which was complemented with five assists and a pair of rebounds .
Brooklyn fell to 7 - 17 and currently resides in fourth place in the Eastern_Conference 's Atlantic Division .
The Raptors have two days off before finishing the season with a back - to - back , beginning with a contest against the Boston Celtics on Tuesday .
It was the talented big man 's fifth straight double - digit scoring effort and third double - double in the last seven contests .
The Los_Angeles Lakers ( 2 - 9 ) defeated the Atlanta Hawks ( 5 - 5 ) 114 - 109 on Tuesday at Philips_Arena in Atlanta .
The Blazers ( 29 - 36 ) are battling for the eight - seed in the west and to say this win was crucial would be a drastic understatement .
The Hawks host the Nuggets on Sunday .
The Raptors have had the two seed locked up for weeks , and will look to take on the Indiana Pacers in the first round of the playoffs .
Kemba Walker 's 40 points marks a season - high , along with his 10 rebounds .
This stretch comes after Ingram reached double - digit scoring in just eight games all season , as it appears the rookie is growing more and more comfortable in the big leagues with every game played .
The Thunder 's other superstar , Russell Westbrook , did n't have his best shoting performance .
Also with a double - double , John Henson came off the bench for 14 points and 10 rebounds .
With the win , the Hawks ended the Bucks ' four game winstreak , while also getting back in the winning column after losing their last two in a row .
It was a rebounding extravaganza for Chicago ( 7 - 4 ) , as the team pulled down a ridiculous 67 boards in the easy win .
He shot 7 - for - 14 from the field and 3 - for - 7 from beyond the arc to score 20 points .
Darren Collison was second on the team , scoring 26 points and dishing out seven assists .
Holiday was great down the stretch , as he finished with 26 points and seven assists .
The Knicks will begin a three - game road trip in Houston on Monday against the Rockets .
Forward Amir Johnson also had a big night , recording an 11 - point , 12 - rebound double - double with five assists as well .
He missed the previous two outings with a toe injury , so it was a very positive showing for him in his return .
Kemba Walker carried the load , collecting 25 points , six rebounds and 10 assists .
Nikola Vucevic was the player of the game , as he amassed 26 points and 13 rebounds .
Russell Westbrook was great as well , as he accumulated 25 points , 11 rebounds and five assists .
The game brought Milwaukee up to seventh place in the East after being out of the playoff picture for much of the season .
It was the 44th time in his career that Westbrook had accomplished the feat , tying him with LeBron James .
The Mavericks ( 26 - 36 ) improved to 18 - 14 on their home court and are still on the outside looking in at the Western_Conference playoffs , as they sit three games behind the Denver Nuggets for the eight - seed .
Enes Kanter paced the bench with 11 points , six rebounds and a steal .
From there , the Cavs took over by wining the overtime , 14 - 8 and finished the game on a 70 run .
After playing a competitive game on Friday , these two teams put up a similar fight on Saturday .
Kelly Olynyk also had a nice game off the bench , as he collected 21 points , four rebounds and four assists in the victory .
However , the fact that it was Love 's first time is a testament to how much more productive he has been this season , especially when he failed to score 10 points in at least 20 minutes of action nine different times last season .
San_Antonio 's season finale is Wednesday against the Dallas Mavericks .
Rookie standout Jahlil Okafor was forced to miss the contest with a knee injury , pressing Nerlens Noel into service at the five .
Ryan Anderson had a double - double of his own off the bench .
Cameron Payne made his season debut for the Thunder , after missing the first part of the season while recovering from a fractured foot .
Trailing by 10 going into the final quarter , the Hornets employed two Jeremy 's - - Lin and Lamb - - off the bench and the duo was able to drag Charlotte back into the game .
Golden_State , which led by seven at halftime , broke the game open in the third quarter , outscoring Los_Angeles 30 - 18 in the period .
The Hawks host the Nuggets on Thursday .
With Saturday 's victory , Golden_State set a franchise record with 60 wins on the season .
Both teams shot shy of 62 percent from the free - throw line and both teams shot right around 30 percent from long distance .
The Jazz held the dynamic Atlanta starters to just 37 points on 14 - of - 51 shooting .
With center Jonas Valanciunas sidelined with a fractured hand , Bismack Biyombo has seen a bump in playing time , and finally made it count Monday .
Cleveland allowed Miami to get as close as 10 points in the third before completely pulling away .
His strong play was complemented on Tuesday by Jrue Holiday , who scored 22 points and dished out five assists .
The Jazz host the Denver Nuggets on Monday .
Orlando will look to keep rolling against the Dallas Mavericks on Saturday .
Norman Powell finished second on the team in scoring , dropping 13 points and four rebounds off the bench .
Serge Ibaka was the Magic 's best player , as he tallied 20 points , seven rebounds and three assists .
Continuing to show himself as one of the best centers in the league , it was Gasol 's third straight double - double .
The Clippers host the Warriors on Thursday , while the Suns visit the Kings on Friday .
Nikola Vucevic ( back ) missed a fourth straight game .
The visiting Boston Celtics took down the Miami Heat on Sunday , 105 - 95 .
Wilson Chandler started for Danilo Gallinari ( groin ) and tallied 23 points , eight rebounds , three assists , two steals and four blocks .
The Miami Heat ( 10 ) defeated the Charlotte Hornets ( 0 - 1 ) 104 - 94 on Wednesday at American_Airlines_Arena in Miami .
There were only 19 combined steals/blocks and 16 combined turnovers , as these two teams played their most offensively efficient games of the year .
Toronto ( 32 - 23 ) has been ice cold of late .
He chipped in 10 points ( 5 - 12 FG ) and six rebounds , and will only continue to get more comfortable as he gets more games under his belt .
Toronto improved to 9 - 6 and remains in first place in the Eastern_Conference 's Atlantic Division .
Nicolas Batum finished with 11 points , five rebounds , four assists , two steals and three blocks as the only other starter with double - digit scoring .
The Bucks shot 57 percent from the field and 64 percent from beyond the arc , dissecting the Clippers ' defense quite masterfully .
Crawford finished with 20 points in 31 minutes in his first start of the season .
They surely added to that efficiency rating here , as they shot over 50 percent from the field and three - point range while dishing out an impressive 31 assists .
The Raptors experienced heartbreak following a controversial overturned buzzer - beater in Sunday 's outing against Sacramento .
Both Ben Gordon and Elfrid Payton scored 13 points off the bench , with Payton also putting up five assists in his 20 minutes .
Lou Williams went - off for the Lakers ( 10 - 12 ) as he poured in 40 points on 11 - of - 20 shooting , including 4 - of - 8 from long range , in 32 minutes off the bench .
As a whole , the team earned the win on the backs of strong three - point shooting .
Walker shot an outstanding 56 percent ( 14 - for - 25 ) from the field , and drained half of his six three - point attempts for an eye - popping 38 points overall .
The Suns fell to 8 - 10 and currently reside in third place in the Western_Conference 's Pacific Division .
San_Antonio had its three - game win streak snapped Saturday and currently holds the seventh seed in the Western_Conference .
The Hornets shot 9 - 32 from deep and 42 percent from the field overall .
Toronto is in second place in the Eastern_Conference , but they sit seven games behind the conference - leading Hawks .
Memphis ( 16 - 8 ) is now 90 in games decided by five points or less and this sort of resiliency is an impressive sight in the absence of Mike Conley .
Emmanuel Mudiay left this game early due to an ankle injury , but the team played better without him .
The Nets ( 6 - 16 ) have shown perhaps a bit more than was expected of them , even factoring in an injury to key offseason acquisition Jeremy Lin .
Boston lost a second straight game and are now 1 - 2 in their three games since Rajon Rondo was traded to the Dallas Mavericks last Thursday .
Since the referees failed to review the play in a timely manner , the extra point stood .
Dwight Howard and Kent Bazemore each scored 16 points a piece , with Howard adding 12 rebounds and Bazemore contributing six rebounds , seven assists and three blocks .
His shooting has been great lately , with him hitting 52 percent from the field and 41 percent from beyond the three - point line over his past five games .
Jerami Grant was next with 13 points , seven rebounds , three assists and four blocks .
Enes Kanter had a big day as well , pitching in 15 of the bench 's 22 points .
With Eric Bledsoe sitting out for rest , Phoenix could n't come close to keeping pace , and shot just 39 percent overall , which largely negated the 21 turnovers they elicited from the Rockets .
Nerlens Noel sat this one out due to a corneal abrasion that he suffered in the previous game .
He shot 4 - for - 14 from the floor and 2 - for - 5 from beyond the arc to score 13 points in 27 minutes .
Al Jefferson remains sidelined with a groin injury that is expected to keep him out for about another three weeks , and Lance Stephenson ( pelvic ) has been perpetually close to returning for the last week but still remains without a clear return date .
The visiting Minnesota Timberwolves defeated the Houston Rockets , 119 - 105 , Wednesday at Target_Center .
The host Los_Angeles Lakers demolished the Miami Heat on Friday , 127 - 100 .
They 're home against the Pacers on Saturday night .
The third - year pro added six assists and a pair of rebounds .
The Clippers remain in second place in the Western_Conference 's Pacific Division , and still hold the fourth seed in the conference as well .
Notching a double - double of his own , Omer Asik recorded 12 points ( 5 - 6 FG , 2 - 2 FT ) and 13 rebounds .
The Pistons head back home to face off with the Oklahoma_City Thunder on Monday night , while the Nuggets head to Portland for a tussle with the Trail_Blazers on Sunday .
It 's a good thing the starters got some rest as their next game is on Thursday in the second half of a back - to - back against the Houston Rockets .
The Boston Celtics defeated the host Brooklyn Nets , 98 - 95 , at Barclays_Center on Friday evening .
Lee finished with seven points and six rebounds over 21 minutes .
Memphis has dropped two straight with their offense sputtering in both games .
On deck for the Mavericks is a home matchup against the Denver Nuggets on Monday .
Rookie Emmanuel Mudiay had a great game , which is surely a bright spot for the Nuggets .
Derrick Rose was next with 16 points , and Joakim Noah notably contributed just one point but did haul in eight boards .
His effort included a sensational 6 - for - 7 tally from behind the arc .
Jrue Holiday hit five threes of his own and finished with 29 points , and Jimmy Butler notched a triple - double with 10 points , 12 rebounds , and 10 assists .
Damian Lillard continued his torrid stretch as well , as he scored 34 points for his fifth - straight 30 - plus point game .
Kevin Love sat out Sunday 's game to rest .
DeMarcus Cousins ( ankle ) was sidelined for the game .
Bismack Biyombo posted a 14 - point , 13 - rebound double - double that also featured two assists and three blocks .
The Clips have managed to stay undefeated in their eight games without Griffin and have now won nine straight in total .
The nine assists were a season - high , as he 's received a boost in playing time over his last few games .
The Pelicans took a one - point lead with 8:56 to go in the game , but the Rockets rattled off a 100 run over the next four minutes to build up an insurmountable lead .
The only other starter to reach double figures in scoring was Arron Afflalo , as he finished with 14 points ( 5 - 15 FG , 2 - 5 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) in 29 minutes .
Miles was sidelined with a sore back so Lavoy Allen picked up the start for Indiana .
Andrew Bogut made his debut with the Cavs , but broke his leg in one minute of action .
The Lakers had only seven players available for this game , as they are dealing with a ton of injuries .
The Spurs are sixth in the Western_Conference , three games ahead of the seventh - place Mavericks .
Khris Middleton recorded season - highs across the board , as he accumulated 20 points , three rebounds , seven assists and three steals in 25 minutes of action .
The Magic fell to 20 - 19 and remain in third place in the Eastern_Conference 's Southeast Division .
The Brooklyn Nets defeated the Los_Angeles Lakers , 107 - 97 , Wednesday at Barclays_Center .
While offensively Okafor has been somewhat productive in averaging 14 points per game following his 16 - point performance Monday , he has n't done so at a very efficient rate .
The Timberwolves begin a four - game road trip Monday against the Los_Angeles Clippers .
Memphis also outrebounded Denver by a 49 - 39 margin and outscored their hosts 21 - 13 in second - chance points .
Memphis also outrebounded Denver by a 49 - 39 margin and outscored their hosts 21 - 13 in second - chance points .
Los_Angeles returns home to host the Denver Nuggets on Sunday .
The Celtics were also outscored in the paint , 44 - 24 .
The Celtics will get a bit of a rest before hosting Minnesota on Monday .
However , Jerryd Bayless scored the last five points of the fifth quarter , sending the contest into the second overtime in a 91 - 91 tie .
Dallas dropped to 19 - 14 and currently resides in second place in the Western_Conference 's Southwest Division .
Memphis fell to 13 - 11 and currently resides in third place in the Western_Conference 's Southwest Division .
Kristaps Porzingis led the team , scoring 27 points to go along with his five boards .
The Nuggets will host the Brooklyn Nets ( 17 - 44 ) on Friday .
Despite the loss , Los_Angeles remains in second place in the Western_Conference 's Pacific Division .
Miami finished the game with a 54 - 45 advantage on the glass .
Many have credited Smith for Philadelphia 's turnaround , as seven of the Sixers ' eight wins have now come since Smith 's midseason acquisition .
With the win , Toronto tied the Chicago Bulls for third place in the Eastern_Conference , although the Raptors own the tie breaker so they currently sit above them .
He was putting up 10 points and 5 rebounds in April , coming into Monday 's game .
Kevin Durant and Mike Conley each returned from a two - game hiatus .
The Thunder will head north to cap off a brutal back - to - back against the Golden_State Warriors ( 54 - 5 ) on Thursday , while the Clippers will enjoy a few days off before hosting the Atlanta Hawks ( 33 - 28 ) on Saturday .
Los_Angeles responded with a 20 - 8 run to put the game out of reach , however .
All five starters scored at least 15 points , as Ryan Anderson finished second on the team with 18 points .
The Indiana Pacers defeated the Atlanta Hawks 106 - 84 Wednesday at Bankers_Life_Fieldhouse .
The Kings will return to action Tuesday when they host the 76ers .
The teams will now both head into the All-Star break , with both resuming play on Friday , Feb. 24 .
The Lakers , having struggled mightily through their first four games , were able to turn things around by narrowly edging out the ailing Nets .
Thaddeus Young checked in behind him with 20 points , nine rebounds , three assists , three steals and a block .
Steven Adams chipped in 13 points and grabbed 10 rebounds , while the only other player to score in double digits for the Thunder was Alex Abrines , who tallied 13 points .
Something was likely to give , and surprisingly , it was Cleveland 's ( 6 - 1 ) unblemished mark .
The Spurs ' next game will be on the road against the Brooklyn Nets on Wednesday , while the Sixers will travel to Minnesota to play the Timberwolves on Wednesday .
Jusuf Nurkic came back strong after a lackluster performance Wednesday .
He came off the bench , as usual , and had scored four points in 20 minutes .
Jimmy Butler was the player of the game , as he tallied 23 points and 11 assists .
Chris Paul failed to convert the game winning shot as time expired in the 4th quarter , but knocked down clutch baskets in overtime , and contributed 28 points and 12 assists in the win.
Both teams still enter the break in the top five of their conference standings , with the Clippers resuming Feb. 23 against the Warriors and the Hawks returning to the court Feb 24 against the Heat .
Perhaps it was the uncertainty of the opposing team , but the Celtics just could n't keep up with the injury - depleted Sacramento team .
He also provided 10 rebounds and hit five more three - pointers in the loss .
The Grizzlies have fallen to seventh place in the Western_Conference , allowing themselves to be eclipsed by the Thunder for sixth .
Paul Pierce rested his second game all season , and Otto Porter started in his absence .
Giannis Antetokounmpo was the player pf the game , as he tallied 28 points , eight rebounds , six assists and two blocks on 11 - of - 13 shooting .
Myles Turner managed 14 points , four assists , two rebounds , three steals and a block .
Kosta Koufos recorded a 12 - point , 10 - rebound double - double .
Labissiere added a team - high 11 rebounds .
The only negative was losing Jon Leuer early in the game with a right knee injury .
Atlanta will have a quick turnaround as well , finishing off its back - to - back set on Saturday against Philadelphia .
The Pelicans ( 29 - 41 ) are starting to find some rhythm , as they 've now won four of their last five games .
Sean Kilpatrick actually paced the Nets from the bench , tallying 15 points , two rebounds and one assist .
Parker was right behind him with 27 points , two assists , a rebound and a block .
Andrew Wiggins has endured the up - and - down offensive performances typical of a young player over the course of his sophomore campaign .
Dwight Howard sat out his second - straight game with a sprained ankle .
With a strong start to the season , the Clippers have a day of rest before hosting the Sacramento Kings on Saturday .
Al Jefferson had one of his best games of the season off the bench , as he scored 24 points and grabbed eight boards .
The see - saw third and fourth quarters saw scoring runs in favor of Utah in the third , while the Lakers bounced back in the fourth behind Lou William 's streaky scoring bursts and Julius Randle 's explosiveness under the rim .
Only three times since Feb. 20 has he failed to record double - digit rebound totals .
Off the bench , Jonas Jerebko grabbed a team - high 12 rebounds .
Devin Booker was spectacular as well , as he scored 30 of his own .
Mike Dunleavy ( ankle ) missed a fourth straight game and will undergo an MRI on Saturday .
Horford was next with 23 points , six rebounds , four assists , two steals and a block .
Denver snapped their six - game losing streak with this win , while Minnesota 's losing streak got extended to four games .
During this five game stretch , the Knicks have failed to reach 90 points in each outing .
Over his last six games he 's averaged 19 points and 19 rebounds , posing as one of the most consistent players for the Clippers recently .
The biggest discrepancy in the game were the bench points , as the Mavericks bench outscored the Rockets bench 44 - 32 in the victory , which was a much more lopsided number until a late hot - streak from Jason Terry .
Dallas will host the Hawks on Saturday , while the Suns will host Cleveland on Sunday .
This win for Portland snapped a five - game losing streak against San_Antonio in this series and got them within two games of the Denver Nuggets for the eight - seed in the west .
Both teams entered the game struggling , but Charlotte ( 26 - 34 ) was able to pull out the win in the game 's final minute .
The Pelicans were missing Tyreke Evans ( knee ) for the third straight game .
Rodney Hood returned to the starting lineup after missing the previous two games with a stomach flu .
The Wizards ( 49 - 32 ) came into Monday 's contest undermanned , as both John Wall ( thigh ) and Otto Porter ( back ) were ruled inactive , and head coach Scott Brooks said that his regular starters were going to play limited minutes .
The Thunder 's next game will be at home against the Memphis Grizzlies on Friday , while the Raptors will go on the road to Boston to play the Celtics on Wednesday .
The most underrated acquisition from the summer was Zaza Pachulia though , as he had another great game on Monday .
The loss is the Bucks ' third straight after they rattled off six wins in seven games .
Kobe Bryant ’ s return to the court was highlighted by inefficiency , as while the Mamba scored a team - high 24 points , he shot just 8 - of - 24 from the field and 3 - of - 13 from three .
With point guard Chris Paul having a slightly substandard year , largely due to being hampered by nagging injuries , Griffin has many saying that he has emerged as the face of the franchise .
McCollum , who set a new personal best with 43 points .
Butler , Rondo and Wade combined to shoot 14 - of - 50 in the loss .
The shooting struggles have been apparent for Oladipo as of late , as in his last two games he has shot just 14 - 43 from the field and 2 - of - 8 from long range .
Eric Bledsoe did all he could though , accumulating 27 points , five rebounds and six assists in the defeat .
Duncan also added two blocks to his impressive stat line .
The Warriors out - rebounded Houston 54 - 46 overall , though the Rockets grabbed one more offensive rebound .
Despite Splitter 's absence , the Spurs have strung together a seven - game win streak .
The Pistons ( 4 - 4 ) have now lost three of their last four games , as they continues to have consistency issues on both sides of the ball .
Michael Kidd-Gilchrist returned to the lineup after a hamstring injury sidelined him shortly before the break .
The Mavericks will take a day off before hosting the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 13 - 29 ) on Wednesday .
The Knicks ( 29 - 48 ) came into Sunday 's matchup knowing that they 'd once again be playing without some of their most potent offensive pieces in Carmelo Anthony ( back ) and Derrick Rose ( knee ) .
The subject of trade rumors and victim to a notable slump for most of January , Jeff Teague 's 2016 had n't exactly gotten off to the best of starts .
He did post 12 assists for the second straight night though , as he 's been focusing on getting his teammates opportunities .
Dirk Nowiztki and Seth Curry were second on the team , with 14 points a piece .
The Clippers ' next game is against the Golden_State Warriors on Wednesday , while the Jazz will return home to face the Cleveland Cavaliers on Wednesday .
Milwaukee won this game despite being dominated in the rebounding , losing that battle 54 - 37.Turnovers are what got the Bucks their win , as they forced 24 of them , while committing just 13 of their own .
He 's had a nice stretch of four games , averaging 17 points , 6 rebounds and 3 assists over that span , so he showed no signs of slowing down Sunday .
The Boston Celtics defeated the Brooklyn Nets , 111 - 92 , at Barclays_Center on Wednesday .
Jrue Holiday went just 3 - of - 12 from the field , but accumulated 10 points , eight rebounds , six assists and four steals in the defeat .
The Los_Angeles Clippers defeated the host Atlanta Hawks , 115 - 105 , at Philips_Arena on Monday .
Chicago has won two straight and nine of their last ten games .
Nemana Bjelica contines to surprise , as he provided 11 points and 14 rebounds off the bench .
Miami opened the second half with a 17 - point lead but allowed Indiana to slowly crawl back into the game .
Up next , the Bucks will head home to take on the 76ers on Wednesday , while the Nets will travel to Atlanta on Wednesday and go up against the Hawks .
Crowder has been dealing with an ankle injury recently , but he did n't seem to have too many problems with it Wednesday .
The bench production was a key difference in the matchup as well , as the Heat 's bench outscored the Raptors bench 33 - 14 .
Jameer Nelson started for Emmanuel Mudiay ( back ) and accrued 13 points , four rebounds and nine assists in 41 minutes of action .
Luol Deng recorded a double - double , totaling 11 points and 10 boards .
With Jrue Holiday out for likely the next two - to - four weeks , Tyreke Evans continued to take his spot in the starting lineup .
Wesley Matthews had his best game as a Maverick as he continues to work his way back from tearing his Achilles last spring .
Denver snapped their three - game losing streak with the win , but they 've still secured just two wins over their last nine games .
They were without Paul Pierce and Nene Hilario for the second straight game , both resting in preparation for the playoffs .
The Nets used superior shooting in this one , as they went 57 percent from the field compared to the Magic who went just 42 percent from the floor .
Four other players scored in double digits for Minnesota , including Ricky Rubio , who chipped in 17 points and dished 13 assists , in 36 minutes .
It ’ s the ninth time in 16 March games the Knicks failed to shoot 40 percent from the field .
Jusuf Nurkic recorded a double - double , totaling 16 points and 11 rebounds on 8 - of - 12 shooting .
Toronto came out of the dressing room ready to compete and outscored the Heat 58 - 39 the rest of the way .
He currently sits at second in the league in scoring behind reigning MVP Steph Curry , and Tuesday 's performance served to close the narrowing gap between the two .
The Atlanta Hawks defeated the Milwaukee Bucks , 111 - 98 , at Phillips Arena on Sunday .
This comes after a 2015 - 16 campaign where DeRozan did n't have a single 40 - point performance throughout the season , with his season - high being 38 points .
They also elicited 17 turnovers from the Pelicans , and were able to pull out the win despite blowing the 73 - 66 lead they 'd entered the fourth quarter with .
Despite projecting as a project player , the Latvian forward is looking like a strong candidate for Rookie of the Year .
The Heat 's chances of winning looked bleak after finding out they 'd be without three starters , including Luol Deng , Goran Dragic and Hassan Whiteside .
Denver improved to 11 - 14 and currenly resides in second place in the Western_Conference 's Northwest Division .
Although coming off the bench , Zach LaVine led the way in scoring for the Timberwolves with 18 points , he also added six assists and five rebounds in 26 minutes .
Arron Afflalo had a productive night himself with 14 points , five rebounds and a pair of assists .
A 25 - 5 run in the second quarter is when the Timberwolves really pulled away , as the Lakers could n't recover after that .
Both the Boston Celtics and Brooklyn Nets are just two games back from them though , so they 'll need to pick up some important wins over these final four games of the regular season in order to lock up that six seed .
The Bucks lost Jabari Parker to a sprained left knee during the contest .
The Celtics will now get a night off before LeBron James and the Cleveland Cavaliers come to town on Friday night .
The Mavericks will begin a four - game road trip in Toronto on Friday against the Raptors .
Four different Rockets hit at least three shots from downtown as Los_Angeles couldn ’ t run them off the three - point line .
The Trail_Blazers will host the Los_Angeles Clippers ( 22 - 13 ) on Wednesday .
The key for Minnesota was the assist - to - turnover ratio , as they recorded 10 more assists ( 30 - 20 ) than the Lakers , while committing six less turnover ( 16 - 10 ) .
He 's had a decent two - game stretch , combining for 43 points , six assists and three steals .
Enes Kanter led the Thunder bench with 16 points and 10 rebounds , while Steven Adams added 19 points , five boards and one block .
Sacramento is 1 - 9 over their last 10 games and the team has fallen off the wagon since the all - star break .
Toronto will have another tough game on Thursday when it hosts the Utah Jazz .
Phoenix was led by Devin Booker , who managed 28 points , two rebounds and three steals .
Trevor Ariza had the second most points , as he finished with 24 points , shooting 8 - for - 13 from the field and 6 - for - 9 from beyond the arc .
It 's clear the injury to Nicolas Batum is really hurting this team , as they ca n't get anything going on either end of the floor .
Harden recorded another triple - double accumulating 51 points , 13 rebounds and 13 assists .
The Portland Trail_Blazers begin a two - game homestand against the Oklahoma_City Thunder on Monday to close out the season .
The Spurs ( 20 - 5 ) hold the second - best record in the NBA and are within a game of the Warriors for the top seed in the Western_Conference .
D'Angelo Russell ( 15 points ) and Luol Deng ( 11 points ) also provided solid support .
Struggling to get momentum this year , Khris Middleton finally turned things around Wednesday .
McDaniels , who finished with 13 points , on 5 - of - 6 shooting , in 19 minutes off the bench .
He also had five rebounds , five assists and four steals , as he was able to stuff the stat sheet against a tough opponent .
All of the sudden , the Cavaliers find themselves back at the .500 mark after a slow start to the season .
Jonas Valanciunas and DeMarre Carroll combined for 22 points , 19 rebounds , six steals and four blocks in a defensive showcase .
Marcin Gortat is dealing with a series of knee complications that includes an infection , and has missed the last three games as a result .
Trevor Ariza and Clint Capela followed with matching 12 - point efforts , with the former adding two rebounds , two assists and a steal , and the latter registering seven boards , an assist and two blocks .
The Wizards visit the Miami Heat ( 12 - 6 ) , while the Mavericks head to Madison_Square_Garden to face the New_York Knicks ( 10 - 11 ) .
Devin Booker found his shooting rhythm late , but finished with 27 points , nine assists and five rebounds .
Meanwhile , Patrick Beverley made his season - debut for Houston , after missing time due to knee surgery .
The host Los_Angeles Clippers blew out the Houston Rockets on Monday , 125 - 96 .
Steven Adams put up a solid 15 points and 10 rebounds , in only 26 minutes .
The Magic ( 27 - 50 ) have now lost nine of their last 12 games , with this defeat against the Nets showing just how bad they 're struggling right now .
Phoenix was led by Bledsoe ’ s 18 points to go with six rebounds and four assists .
It was n't all drama - free however , as Anthony Davis left in the middle of the game with a hand sprain , but he was able to return shortly after .
The Blazers will visit the Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 44 - 23 ) on Monday , while the Magic host the Denver Nuggets ( 27 - 38 ) on Tuesday .
Nerlens Noel sat this one out with a sore knee .
The Warriors were able to pull away in the third quarter , going on a scoring tear while Russell Westbrook sat on the bench .
Lopez finished with 15 points and nine rebounds on 6 - for - 18 shooting .
Olynyk led the reserves with 15 points , three rebounds and a steal , while Jonas Jerebko managed 13 points and five boards .
The Bucks managed to come away with the win despite shooting 6 - of - 27 from long range and 44 percent from the field .
Eric Bledsoe struggled from the field , adding just nine points on 2 - of - 10 shooting .
Rudy Gay attempted to bring the Kings back to life late , and went on to score 22 points , while Darren Collison added 21 points .
The Thunder will play in Philadelphia on Friday night , while the Celtics will travel to Toronto .
Following that matchup , New Orleans , Memphis , Oklahoma City and Sacramento await on the schedule .
Wall , on the other hand , has posted two double - doubles in a row , combining for 52 points and 23 assists over that span .
Center DeMarcus Cousins in particular scored in droves , shooting 13 - of - 24 for 40 points on the night .
Despite playing a somewhat limited role off the bench , Schroder has averaged 16 points and 9 assists in just 29 minutes per game over his last three outings .
Felton writhed on the ground after what looked to be a vicious , yet accidental , eye poke .
The Grizzlies ' frontcourt was dominant in this matchup , out - scoring the Bulls ' frontcourt 68 - 21 .
Bledsoe nearly had a double - double by adding nine assists to go along with his points .
Anthony Davis has missed two straight games with a turf toe injury , and Jrue Holiday has missed three straight games dealing with inflamation in his right ankle , the same ankle that caused Holiday to sit out most of last season with a stress fracture .
DeMar DeRozan supplied 26 points as well , but only went 10 - of - 27 from the field .
Patrick Beverley made his return to the starting lineup after he missed a couple of games with a sprained ankle .
The Spurs finish atop the Western_Conference 's Southwest Division , with their playoff opponent still to be determined as of this writing .
Derrick Rose was n't far behind , as he accrued 24 points , four rebounds and six assists .
They 're home against the Portland Trail_Blazers on Thursday night .
Overall , the visitors managed stellar 56 and 56 percent success rates from the field and three - point range , respectively .
Alexis Ajinca was next with 16 points , six rebounds , an assist , a steal and four blocks .
Clint Capela also tallied a double double for the Rockets , with 13 points and 10 rebounds .
Boston will kick off a three - game road swing Friday in New_Orleans .
Conley supplemented his scoring with five assists , four rebounds and two steals .
Nick Young tallied 22 points in 28 minutes on 7 - of - 12 shooting , including 4 - of - 7 from long range .
Up next , the Wizards will head to Los_Angeles Friday to take on the Clippers , while the Jazz will also head to Los_Angeles and go up against the Lakers on Thursday .
This is a fun and exciting team to watch with their guard - play , but it 's not a recipe for victories with minimal quality post play .
While the start of the Grizzlies ' season has been pretty standard with a 5 - 5 start , Vince Carter 's play has been anything but .
Since basketball resumed after the all - star break , this has been a common theme with the Clippers .
McCollum is doing a heck of a job controlling the offense in his absence .
The Mavericks have Saturday off before taking on the Miami Heat at home Sunday .
That 's a recipe for disaster and it was a miracle they kept it so close with those stats .
Omri Casspi nailed five threes , adding 17 points in 30 minutes off the bench .
Derrick Rose was the other starter to post double - digit scoring , pouring in 12 points and adding four rebounds , four assists and a block .
Leonard has been a monster on defense as of late , logging 14 steals in his last three games .
E'Twaun Moore was the next highest scorer , as he provided 12 points , four rebounds and four steals off the bench .
Next up , the Suns visit the Dallas Mavericks on Saturday , while the Lakers host the Philadelphia 76ers on Sunday .
Brook Lopez managed 14 points , six rebounds , two steals and two blocks in a tough matchup against Gobert .
Carmelo Anthony was the teams best player , as he scored a team - high 20 points to go along with seven boards .
Philadelphia will take on Detroit on Sunday for the second half of a back - to - back .
Rudy Gay struggled shooting , going 4 - of - 12 from the field on his way to 10 points .
The loss drops the Nuggets to 1 - 1 and places them into a last place tie in the Western_Conference ’ s Northwest Division .
There are n't many NBA games that are as lopsided as this one , but that 's just how good the Warriors can be .
Terrence Ross and Jonas Valanciunas combined for nine points on 2 - of - 12 shooting , and Amir Johnson added eight points in 23 minutes .
Both teams had locked up their playoff spots before this game , but we now know for sure who each will play .
The Clippers lost four in a row last week and lost Blake Griffin for at least three weeks with a staph infection in his elbow .
Sacramento was missing DeMarcus Cousins again , who is still out with a sore back .
With Nikola Vucevic out due to a sore ankle , Channing Frye was reinserted into the starting lineup .
However , the injury bug hit the Pacers once again when they needed it the least , as Jeff Teague left the game with a sprained ankle and did not return , but head coach Nate McMillan did say after the game that Teague could have returned if it was a competitive outing .
Most notably , the shooting was bad all - around .
Up next the Spurs will defend home on Wednesday versus state rivals and top Western team , Dallas .
Sacramento ( 15 - 21 ) , meanwhile , is vying for the eighth seed in the Western_Conference , hoping for its first playoff berth since 2006 .
Though they dropped their last game to the lowly Denver Nuggets on Friday , the Pacers ' wins over the Bulls and Miami Heat in their last three games should be encouraging considering the fact that they remain without David West ( ankle ) , George Hill ( knee ) , C.J .
Jabari Parker followed with 13 points , five rebounds and three assists .
The Pistons continue on the road and head south to Atlanta , where they 'll face off with the Hawks on Friday night , while the Celtics remain home and await the Sacramento Kings for a showdown on Friday evening as well .
After sitting out the last seven games with a hamstring injury , Dwyane Wade was finally back with the team and was given a full games worth of work .
Point guard Eric Bledsoe led the team with 26 points and also notched seven assists .
The Nuggets ( 20 - 25 ) have been much better over recent weeks , as this marks their sixth win in eight games .
The Clippers are 0 - 3 thus far in February .
With the win , New_Orleans also improved to 10 - 9 at home on the season , placing them at above .500 at the Smoothie_King_Center for the first time in 2015 - 16 .
Sacramento has had to play their last two games without DeMarcus Cousins as he continues to rest ankle and hip injuries , losing both games .
He 's averaging 10 points and 3 rebounds on the season .
Rookie Marcus Smart scored 13 points and hit two three - pointers in 36 minutes .
The fourth member of the 30 - point club was a Pelicans power forward , but not the one most likely to achieve the mark .
His continued absence keeps the spotlight squarely on Chris Paul , who has more often than not already served as the team 's scoring leader during the time Griffin has already missed .
The Lakers were led by Jordan Clarkson off the bench , as he went with 25 points , five assists , three rebounds , a steal and a block .
Jameer Nelson was a nice spark off the bench as well , accumulating 13 points , four rebounds and seven assists .
This was the Kings ' first ever win in Chesapeake_Energy_Arena .
Meanwhile , Minnesota has won two of its last three games , with wins over OKC and Memphis , and will be no push over .
Atlanta ( 15 - 16 ) , meanwhile , has crumbled since its hot 9 - 2 start to the season .
Chicago was able to pull away with relative ease after Orlando went scoreless from the 10:12 mark to the 5:13 mark in the third quarter .
Dirk Nowitzki and Zaza Pachulia followed with a pair of 11 - point efforts , with the latter notably also hauling in 19 boards , dishing out two assists and recording three steals .
Tyler Ulis was the player of the game , as he collected 20 points , three rebounds and 10 assists .
They assisted on 28 of their 43 baskets and had three players score between 19 and 20 points .
The Spurs took care of business in the fourth to complete the comeback win .
They still rank dead - last in points allowed and struggle at rebounding as well .
The Jazz were only able to get 10 minutes from Derrick Favors in this one , as he left the game with a sprained ankle .
The Warriors will visit the Denver Nuggets ( 14 - 24 ) on Wednesday .
The Knicks shot 49 percent on their end and outrebounded the Heat , 53 - 46 .
Sean Kilpatrick led the team in scoring with his 19 points , four rebounds and four assists off the bench .
Jameer Nelson also had a solid game off the bench with 13 points and seven assists .
He 's seen extended time with Jamal Crawford out with an injury and has posted two strong performances in a row , after going off for 22 points in Sunday 's game against the Warriors .
Denver will look to keep up the recent good form against the Washington Wizards on Saturday .
The Wizards are on the outside looking into a playoff spot , but the loss has them trailing the Pacers by 4 games for the 8 - seed in the Eastern_Conference .
Darren Collison led the team with 26 points , as he came off the bench in spectacular fashion .
The Rockets host the Spurs on Saturday , while the Spurs sandwich a game with the Detroit Pistons at home before the rematch .
Towns continued his dominance , as he had been averaging over 28 points and 13 rebounds per game in the month of February .
The Lakers relied heavily on their bench throughout the game with five reserve players logging more than 20 minutes of playing time .
Memphis ( 40 - 32 ) has now dropped two straight after a four - game win streak earlier in the month .
The 24 points were a season - high for him , while the double - double was his third in the last four games .
With the win , Toronto is now just one game away from the first 50 - win season in franchise history .
In all , Los_Angeles had six different players score in double figures , as they have now scored at least 100 points in seven of their last eight games .
McCollum did all they could , as they combined for 63 points in the defeat .
Their second unit turned in 43 points , and they limited their hosts to 39 and 27 percent success rates from the field and three - point range , respectively .
The win ended a four - game losing streak for the Suns , who are an uninspiring 2 - 8 in their last 10 games .
Amir Johnson provided 13 points , six rebounds and four assists , while Avery Bradley totaled 15 points , four rebounds and four assists .
Paul George was the only Indiana player with more than 15 points , as he tallied 22 points , seven rebounds and three assists in the defeat .
New_York shot 52 percent from the field and assisted on 31 of their 46 made baskets .
DeRozan actually returned to the game midway through the fourth quarter , where he scored his only bucket of the game , contributing to a 90 run by Toronto that tied the game with three minutes left .
Michael Kidd-Gilchrist managed a full stat line of nine points , six rebounds , four blocks and a steal .
The Magic dropped to 19 - 15 and currently reside in third place in the Eastern_Conference 's Southeast Division .
The Blazers lit it up from the floor , converting at a 50 percent clip , but they committed 16 turnovers and trailed 15 - 2 in offensive boards .
If they ca n't hold teams under 100 points with the offense they have , they simply ca n't win enough games to compete in the Western_Conference .
Chandler Parsons was limited to only 16 minutes , and finished with nine points on 3 - of - 4 shooting , including 2 - of - 3 from deep .
Minnesota has lost two straight games , but wins and losses are no longer the focus of the Timberwolves ' season as president Flip Saunders told the media this week that the team 's focus is now on rebuilding for the future , a path Saunders did not plan to walk down this season .
Even in losing efforts , Avery Bradley ’ s drastic offensive improvement is evident .
Tuesday was the earliest he could have returned , but he was n't ready .
The Suns backcourt did all they could too , with Devin Booker scoring 30 points and Eric Bledsoe dropping 29 points of his own .
After what had been a promising start to the season for Denver ( 3 - 7 ) , the Nuggets have now lost four consecutive games .
Veteran Zach Randolph helped the Grizzlies stay in the mix with a whopping eight offensive rebounds off the bench .
They made a final push in the fourth , which culminated in the forging of a 91 - 91 tie with one second remaining after a Ricky Rubio 25 - foot three - point jumper .
He and Clarkson were the only Lakers to play more than 30 minutes , yet none of the eight players that saw the floor logged less than 20 minutes .
Dallas remains in third place in the Western_Conference 's Southwest Division , and are currently slotted as the sixth seed in the conference as well .
In fact , since Cousins joined the team , Davis ' overall production has increased .
The Hawks ( 41 - 39 ) had one of their greatest comebacks in franchise history here , as they 've now handed the Cavaliers back - to - back devastating losses .
He 's been hitting nearly everything lately , combining to go 16 - for - 24 from the field over his last two games .
New_Orleans ( 7 - 12 ) has been able to turn its season around after a horrendous 1 - 9 start .
The Grizzlies came out strong Monday , grabbing a 67 - 48 lead by the end of the first half .
He went 6 - for - 10 from the field to score 13 points , while adding six rebounds in the process .
Mayo did not play due to a sore right hamstring .
The Clippers committed five turnovers to the Kings ' 17 .
The Bulls ( 30 - 29 ) are now 20 out of the All-Star break and it appears that break is all they needed to get going .
The Clippers were still without Blake Griffin ( elbow ) and Jamal Crawford ( calf ) .
The Spurs wrap up their regular season Tuesday against the visiting Oklahoma_City Thunder .
Chicago entered the game riddled with injuries to two of their key players , Jimmy Butler ( knee ) and Nikola MIrotic ( appendectomy ) , and will remain without them for another 2 - 3 weeks .
The Jazz 's next game will be at home against the Dallas Mavericks on Friday , while the Cavaliers will go on the road to Denver to play the Nuggets on Friday .
The Blazers were unconscious on offense , as they shot 57 percent from the field and 64 percent from three - point range .
Miami was expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this lopsided result .
The Knicks will look to keep the momentum going against these same Hawks in Tuesday in a rematch .
The Pelicans were able to out - rebound the Pistons 47 - 30 , giving them even more of an advantage and helping push them further to the victory .
Gasol recorded nine straight double - doubles to end the month .
Miami is currently the seven seed in the Eastern_Conference , only a half - game ahead of the eighth - place Nets .
The Heat were also short a few bodies with Luol Deng ( hamstring ) , Chris Anderson ( illness ) and Amar ' e Stoudemire ( illness ) all out , which forced coach Erik Spoelstra to roll with an eight - man rotation .
Washington is having a rough go as of late .
Okafor notched a double double with 25 points and 12 rebounds .
As a team , San_Antonio simply annihilated the Lakers in every category .
The only other Hornet to reach double figures was Gary Neal , who came off the bench to score 12 points ( 4 - 10 FG , 2 - 4 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) in 18 minutes .
The Nuggets ( 28 - 33 ) now find themselves up 3 games in the eight - seed in the west and road wins like this only add to their resume ' .
They 've lost three straight , and while the team has played great defense recently , holding nine straight opponents to under 100 points scored , their struggles on offense have kept them out of the win column most nights .
The Thunder 's next game will be on the road against the Miami Heat on Tuesday , while the Magic will be on the road against the Detroit Pistons on Wednesday .
Although the Magic made a run in the third quarter , Los_Angeles pulled away with a 30 - 20 final period to seal the road win .
Butler 's 26 points paced the Bulls , and Dwyane Wade registered 12 points .
Miami will return to action on Sunday versus the Detroit Pistons .
The Grizzlies host the Denver Nuggets on Monday .
Bismack Biyombo posted a 14 - point , 13 - rebound double - double .
The Jazz ( 11 - 9 ) , meanwhile , had won four straight contests heading into Thursday , but have been decimated by injuries .
Spencer Dinwiddie followed with 18 points and Randy Foye registered 11 .
J.J. Hickson continued to receive minutes in his second game of the season after returning from suspension .
Westbrook 's streak of seven triple - doubles snapped after Sunday 's game ; however , Westbrook is still averaging a triple - double on the season through 24 games .
Mario Chalmers and Shabazz Napier combined for only 11 points ( 4 - 15 FG ) , but rookie Tyler Johnson had a team - high 18 in 25 minutes off the bench .
Unfortunately for the Heat , Hassan Whiteside had to leave the game after just 12 minutes due to suffering a laceration to his right hand .
Even with another two and a half months of the regular season , the Kings sit 10 games behind the Suns for the final playoff spot , and between the Kings and Suns sit two playoff - worthy teams in the Thunder and Pelicans .
This season , the Spurs have been the league 's most dominant road team , winning all 13 contests they have played outside of San_Antonio .
The Pacers travel to Milwaukee on Friday to play their first game of a four - game road trip .
The Golden_State Warriors defeated the Dallas Mavericks 112 - 87 Tuesday at American_Airlines_Center .
Despite the loss , the Knicks are still team games ahead of both the Magic and 76ers for the second - worst record in the Eastern_Conference .
The win coincidentally ended a seven - game win streak for OKC .
They 're shooting 43 percent from the field in his absence , down from 46 percent on the season .
Davis ( hip ) , Jrue Holiday ( lower leg ) and Tyreke Evans ( knee ) all remained sidelined Wednesday .
Harden is the league leader in assists while also ranking fifth in scoring .
Devin Harris had to leave the game after only 10 minutes with lower leg soreness .
The Mavericks have remained solidly in the Western_Conference playoff picture despite losing multiple starters to free agency this offseason .
Along with the Memphis Grizzlies ( 40 ) and the Golden State Warriors ( 30 ) , the Rockets stay one of the three undefeated teams in the NBA .
Oklahoma_City ( 15 - 10 ) had won seven of its last eight games heading into Tuesday 's contest .
Westbrook ended up collecting 18 points , 11 rebounds and 14 assists on 6 - of - 6 shooting .
Jrue Holiday was able to record a double - double of his own .
Memphis tallied a 47 percent accuracy rate from the field , as well as a 47 ratio from three - point range .
Sean Kilpatrick led the reserves with 14 points and three rebounds in 21 minutes off the bench .
With Michael Kidd-Gilchrist ( chest ) out for his second straight game , Gerald Henderson got the start again .
DeRozan did follow close behind with 19 points , seven assists , six rebounds and two steals .
The Magic rest for three days before starting a four - game road trip in Denver on Wednesday .
He 's been very impressive for the Bucks of late , averaging 18 points , 9 rebounds and 1 blocks over his last five games .
Denver ( 14 - 18 ) has worked its way into playoff contention , now sitting within half a game of the eighth seed .
Myles Turner finished with 15 points and seven rebounds on 7 - of - 12 shooting .
Detroit improved to 17 - 12 and is currently in a second - place tie with Indiana in the Eastern_Conference 's Central Division .
Steph Curry was just as good , collecting 24 points , six assists and five steals .
Detroit 's loss ended what was a two - game winning streak , but the team has still lost 11 of their last 15 games .
Forward Harrison Barnes continues to shine in his featured role in Dallas .
Veteran Dirk Nowitzki played only 23 minutes and shot just 3 - of - 12 for 11 points .
Drummond is the worst career free - throw shooter in the league 's history at just over 38 percent during his time in the association .
The Pistons will look to bounce - back against the struggling Milwaukee Bucks on Monday .
He 's averaging 10 points and 4 rebounds on the season .
In fact , Embiid leads the team in points , rebounds and blocks , while posting a top - 10 usage rate in the NBA .
Up next , Orlando begins a home - in - home with the Hawks in Atlanta on Friday .
Beal followed with 23 points , three assists , one rebound , two steals and one block .
Aaron Gordon came off the bench to score 14 in just 12 minutes .
Miami ( 9 - 19 ) has struggled mightily thus far this season .
The Pacers have taken both meetings against the Knicks by an average margin of 22 points .
He 's been an absolute beast for the Nets over his last three games and has averaged 30 points and 9 rebounds during that span .
Kemba Walker filled the stat sheet with 13 points , nine rebounds , seven assists , three steals and two blocks in 36 minutes .
With star point guard Eric Bledsoe out for the season due to a torn meniscus , the Suns have given the reigns to their young core of players .
Kosta Koufos contributed 14 points and 10 rebounds , while Buddy Hield had 14 points on 4 - of - 7 shooting including 2 - of - 2 from three - point range .
Kosta Koufos contributed 14 points and 10 rebounds , while Buddy Hield had 14 points on 4 - of - 7 shooting including 2 - of - 2 from three - point range .
Los_Angeles held a 62 - 41 rebounding advantage , recording 18 offensive boards on the night .
The Nets have won seven of their last nine , but have a tough schedule the rest of the way .
Lopez pitched in with 24 points , eight rebounds , and an impressive five blocks .
This was a game full of swings , as the final one was the most decisive for the Pelicans .
Miami similiarly leaned heavily on its bench after the game got out of hand .
Dion Waiters totaled 13 points , seven rebounds , three assists and a steal .
The Piston travel to Atlanta to take on the East leading Hawks on Monday .
The final score is actually closer than the actual result , as the Spurs led by 30 points at times in the fourth quarter .
While the Hornets ' bench only combined for a total of 17 points , it pretty much all came from Kemba Walker , as he recorded 15 points ( 3 - 8 FG , 2 - 4 3Pt , 7 - 8 FT ) and three rebounds in just 24 minutes off the bench .
Kevin Durant was n't far behind , tallying 20 points , four rebounds and eight assists .
He had been out since Nov. 7 , but he finished with eight points , nine assists and four turnovers .
The Thunder remain in first place in the Western_Conference 's Northwest Division , and currently hold the third seed in the conference as well .
They are now 0 - 5 without Davis starting and the offense simply looks bad without him .
The Jazz were without their leader Gordon Hayward for the second straight game , as he 's dealing with a collarbone injury .
In taking over for Steve Nash , Jeremy Lin had seven points ( 1 - 5 FG ) , two rebounds , six assists , and four turnovers .
With just one game left in the season , it 's good to see Roberts end on a high note , as he 's averaging just 7 points and 2 assists on the season .
Brooklyn fell to 3 - 13 and currently resides in fourth place in the Eastern_Conference 's Atlantic Division .
The two - time Defensive Player of the Year also notched two steals .
Mike Conely has been bothered by an ankle injury , but started and had six points , two assists and two blocks in 24 minutes .
Phoenix had four players score 13 or more points in this game and it was a major bounce back after being blown out in their home opener against the Dallas Mavericks on Wednesday .
The Celtics also out - rebounded the Knicks 39 - 35 , even furthering their advantage Tuesday .
He 's averaging 9 points and four rebounds on the season .
Boston has low lost three of their last five , with all three losses coming to teams under .500 .
Watson ( foot ) will likely be out at least another week ; and David West ( ankle ) has n't been cleared for practice , meaning he may miss more than the three games he was originally projected to sit out .
The Jazz host the Golden_State Warriors on Wednesday , in what could be a first - round preview .
Dirk Nowitzki came up big down the stretch and finished with 17 points in 30 minutes .
Nik Stauskas was productive in a reserve role as well , compiling 11 points , three rebounds and a pair of assists .
The Heat will host the Eastern_Conference leading Atlanta Hawks on Saturday .
Harrison Barnes also scored 23 points , but did it on just 5 - of - 16 shooting .
Miles combined for 46 points on 19 - of - 38 shooting from the field .
Miami is idle Sunday before hosting Phoenix on Monday .
Jrue Holiday tallied a modest 12 points , nine assists and four rebounds , although he shot just 4 - of - 14 from the field .
Green amassed 17 points and four rebounds himself , while Barnes only managed a modest five points , but hauled in eight boards .
The Boston Celtics ( 10 ) defeated the Brooklyn Nets ( 0 - 1 ) 121 - 105 in impressive fasion Wednesday at the TD_Garden in Boston .
The Boston Celtics defeated the Orlando Magic , 117 - 116 , at TD_Garden on Friday .
The Blazers dropped to 5 - 14 on the road and are 2 - 9 in their last 11 games .
The Raptors remain on the road and head to the Big Apple to tangle with the Brooklyn Nets on Sunday afternoon , while the Magic tangle with the Hawks in Atlanta on Saturday night .
Unfortunately for New_Orleans , they have to host the Golden_State Warriors on Tuesday for their next game .
Jrue Holiday was second on the team , finishing with 19 points , seven rebounds and seven assists on 8 - of - 13 shooting .
Anthony Davis and Ryan Anderson exited the game due to injury and never returned .
Darren Collison went 5 - for - 7 from the field and 2 - for - 2 from the three - point line to score 17 points , while also adding six rebounds and three steals .
Rajon Rondo continued his impressive start to the season .
The Chicago Bulls defeated the host Miami Heat 98 - 95 at American_Airlines_Arena on Thursday .
The Pistons ( 25 - 28 ) have certainly had their share of ups and downs this season , but have recently been on a modest upswing , checking into Wednesday 's contest as winners in three of their previous four games .
His dominance was a microcosm of the bigger picture , as Houston outscored the visitors in the paint 62 - 28 and outrebounded them 52 to 40 .
In fact , the Pistons outscored the Wolves 100 - 68 over the final 36 minutes .
Portland shot 33 percent from the three - point line , while Toronto shot only 18 percent , so that may have been the difference in this one .
Kent Bazemore mustered that total , and he supplemented it with an assist , two steals and a block .
He was supported by double - digit scoring performances from three other members of the starting five , as well as a collective 30 points from the bench .
Cauley-Stein narrowly missed a five by five , posting 14 points , another 11 rebounds , five assists , four blocks , and four steals .
The Kings return home for a three game stretch starting with the Utah Jazz ( 9 - 9 ) on Tuesday , while the Thunder visit the Memphis Grizzlies ( 12 - 9 ) that same night .
A key for the Wolves was the rebounding , as they snatched down 45 boards to the Bulls 31 .
They also managed to play rather recklessly , recording just 13 assists to their 15 total turnovers .
The triple - double is now Westbrook 's league - leading 10th .
Barnes shot just 2 - of - 10 from the field en route to scoring just five points in 34 minutes in the 25 - point loss .
Smith shot 10 - for - 15 , contributing to Orlando 's impressive 54 percent shooting from the field .
Paul 's 27 points and six steals equaled season highs , while his 11 dimes represented a new high - water mark .
The Pacers ( 33 - 32 ) sit sixth in the East , and are a team that the Bucks are chasing , making the win even sweeter for Milwaukee .
The Mavericks will host the Clippers on Monday .
The Golden_State Warriors ( 200 ) defeated the Charlotte Hornets ( 10 - 8 ) 116 - 99 on Wednesday at Time_Warner_Cable_Arena in Charlotte .
The Jazz are off on Friday before returning home to face the Nets on Saturday .
Irving has put in two impressive performances in a row as well , combining for 54 points , 13 assists and six steals during that span .
Despite committing five more turnovers , the Pelicans were stil able to out - rebound the Lakers 44 - 38 , helping to push them to the victory .
Alexey Shved returned to the lineup after missing three games with a hip injury .
Up next , the Clippers will look to stay hot on the road when they take on the Pistons on Friday , while the Mavericks will look to end their losing streak against the Cavaliers in Cleveland .
Friday 's performance increased Crowder 's league - leading average of 3 steals per game .
The Grizzlies ' next game will be on the road against the Detroit Pistons on Tuesday , while the Nuggets will travel to Houston to play the Rockets on Thursday .
Barnes led Dallas with 28 points , but could n't contribute much else in the non - scoring categories , posting two rebounds , an assist and two steals .
Len fouled out , but put up six points , six rebounds and three blocks in 19 minutes .
The Hornets will look to keep things rolling on Friday , as they host the Toronto Raptors for their next game .
Zach LaVine supplied 17 points , three assists , two rebounds , two steals and a block .
Scoring 14 points ( 6 - 13 FG , 1 - 5 3Pt , 1 - 2 FT ) of his own , Langston Galloway continued to stay one of the Knicks more consistent players of late .
The next stop on their West Coast road trip comes on Saturday in Portland , with a showdown with the Trail_Blazers on tap .
That now makes Detroit 12 - 5 at the Palace and they 're becoming one of the best home teams in the NBA .
The Clippers ( 31 - 20 ) certainly could relate , as they continue to be without star point guard and defensive wizard Chris Paul , who remains sidelined following thumb surgery .
Ersan Ilyasova ( concussion ) and John Henson ( foot ) remain out , and it seems Ilyasova may be closer to returning than Henson .
Kelly Oubre , Jr. posted a 10 - point , 10 - rebound double - double that also included two assists and two steals .
They 're home for their next contest , against the Orlando Magic on Tuesday .
Los_Angeles was also done in by its inability to take care of the ball , as they committed a whopping 20 turnovers .
Rudy Gay did not suit up for this game after suffering a strained patellar tendon Friday .
Wesley Johnson returned to action after missing the previous three games with a hip injury .
Plumlee pitched in with a 14 - point , 11 - rebound double - double that also included the aforementioned block of Stauskas .
Norman Powell added 14 points , also on poor shooting , as he went 5 - of - 14 from the field .
The seventh place Mavericks distanced themselves from the eighth place Thunder in the Western_Conference on Wednesday .
In fact , they outscored Orlando , 35 - 13 in the third quarter , as the Magic simply could n't recover from that blow .
The Pistons remain in fourth place in the Eastern_Conference 's Central Division , and just a half - game back of the eighth - seeded Chicago Bulls .
The Golden_State Warriors defeated the host New_Orleans Pelicans on Friday , 122 - 114 .
In addition , Jerami Grant was extremely active in this game , as he recorded a double - double and pitched in seven combined blocks and steals in the game .
The result lifted them to a .500 record at 4 - 4 , while the Clippers fall to 5 - 3 overall .
Len ended with two points and four rebounds in 22 minutes against Orlando .
Evan Turner came off the bench to score 20 and dished a game - high eight assists in just 28 minutes .
Four starters scored at least 14 points , but no bench player scored more than seven .
The Atlanta Hawks went on the road and defeated the Indiana Pacers 96 - 85 at Bankers_Life_Fieldhouse on Wednesday .
Five players scored in double digits for the Hawks , including Kyle Korver , who poured in 22 points on 7 - of - 13 shooting , in 29 minutes off the bench .
Three-point shooting really killed the Suns , as they went just 5 - of - 27 from long distance .
The Pacers return home for a Friday date with the Chicago Bulls , while the Wizards host the Brooklyn Nets on Friday evening as well .
However , with a long way to go in the season the eighth spot in the West is still within reach for either team .
Every team on the Spurs ' schedule through their first eight games is a projected playoff team , excluding the Lakers of course .
The Pistons ’ superstar center tallied his 11th straight performance with double - digit points and boards , meaning he ’ s achieved the feat in each of Detroit ’ s contests this season .
The Kings are 2 - 1 since the All-Star break after getting off to a 1 - 5 start in the month of February .
This marks Portland 's sixth win in seven games .
Brook Lopez was the third member of the starting lineup in double figures , as he recorded 16 points on 7 - of - 8 shooting from the floor .
Jrue Holiday was no slouch either , as he amassed 25 points , five rebounds and eight assists off the bench .
Otto Porter physically clawed his way to grab 11 boards , in addition to 15 points , but struggled from the field and finished 7 - of - 17 in the effort .
Spencer Dinwiddie was second with 14 points , four rebounds , an assist and a block .
This marked the sixth straight loss for the Hawks , as their struggles only worsened when Paul Millsap went down with a knee injury four games ago .
Shabazz Muhammed led the bench with 15 points and four rebounds .
He put up two points and five rebounds in 20 minutes .
Andrew Bogut handled things in the paint , as he posted a double - double , bringing in 14 rebounds , while scoring 11 points ( 4 - 7 FG , 3 - 5 FT ) and tacking on five assists and four blocks as well .
While the Bulls shot better than the Nets and also won the rebounding battle by a 52 - 44 margin , they also committed 17 turnovers , contributing to their demise .
Alex Len was the only Suns ' starter to play well , as he totaled 10 points and 10 rebounds in 22 minutes of action .
The Nuggets will return home to face the 76ers on Wednesday .
In fact , the Hawks ended the game on a 23 - 8 run to eventually win by 19 .
Rajon Rondo was flirtatious himself , finishing with 14 points , eight rebounds and six assists .
Oklahoma_City could have ended the game much earlier , as they missed the last three shots in the final 30 seconds of regulation to send the game to overtime .
Leandro Barbosa ( knee ) and David Lee ( hamstring ) remained out Friday .
Boston will look to bounce back on Sunday in a road matchup against the Oklahoma_City Thunder .
The Pistons continued their fantastic start to the season on Sunday in a matchup of the two surprise teams in the NBA .
Chicago also committed 18 turnovers , further hampering their chances on the afternoon .
Cleveland 's win marks the sixth in a row for the Eastern-Conference powerhouse , despite the absence of All-Star point guard Kyrie Irving ( knee ) .
The visitors endured a sub - par night from their starting five , with only DeMarcus Cousins ( 22 points , eight rebounds , three assists , three steals and a block ) and Rudy Gay ( 16 points , seven rebounds , two steals and a block ) managing double - digit scoring efforts .
He led the Bulls in scoring with 23 points , but took 22 shots to reach that mark .
Khris Middleton started and produced 19 points , nine assists , four rebounds and four steals .
Philadelphia fell to 1 - 28 and sports the worst record in the NBA .
Nikola Vucevic led Orlando , as he tallied 27 points and 11 rebounds on 13 - of - 20 from the field .
Miami 's top scorer came off the bench , as James Johnson accrued 20 points , seven rebounds and three assists .
The Jazz host the Pacers on Monday , and the Timberwolves entertain the Nuggets on Monday .
Spencer Dinwiddie chipped in with 13 points , four rebounds , an assist and a block .
Both teams will head West for their next matchup , with Toronto visiting Houston on Friday and Boston taking on Phoenix the next day .
Robert Covington turned in a modest but productive outing with eight points and eight rebounds .
Up next , the Warriors will stay at home and go up against the Clippers on Sunday , while the Mavericks will travel to Los_Angeles Sunday to take on the Lakers .
All the statistics made this look like a Bucks win , but that simply wasn ’ t the case .
Although the final score would seem to indicate a fairly competitive contest , it belies the domination the Bucks ( 12 - 12 ) exercised over the Bulls ( 13 - 12 ) for most of the first three quarters .
The Cleveland Cavaliers defeated the Golden_State Warriors , 109 - 108 , at Quicken_Loans_Arena on Sunday .
The team drained 13 three - pointers on the night , with Jrue Holiday knocking down three and assisting on several more .
Meanwhile , Antetokounmpo continues his solid play with 18 points ( 7 - 11 FG , 4 - 8 FT ) and 12 rebounds .
Next the Thunder will host the Nuggets on Sunday .
That 's actually less points than Kevin Durant and Russell Westbrook combined who scored 52 of their own .
The Spurs ' next game will be on the road against the Los_Angeles Clippers on Thursday after the All-Star break , while the Pistons will be at home against the Chicago Bulls on Friday after the All-Star break as well .
Despite missing a game , he 's had a very strong stretch over his last three , averaging 27 points , nine assists and three steals .
Down 100 - 98 , Paul missed the equalizer as time expired .
Portland will have a quick turnaround as they play the San_Antonio Spurs on Monday in the second half of a back - to - back .
The Trail_Blazers head to Utah for a Tuesday night showdown with the Jazz while the Timberwolves face off with the Golden_State Warriors on Tuesday night as well .
There were nine ties and 21 lead changes in total , as neither team led by more than nine points .
Following his 27 - point performance Tuesday against the Magic , Wiggins has averaged 26 points per game over the last six games after a so - so start to January .
Thaddeus Young was right on his tail with 13 points , nine rebounds , five assists and two steals .
Crabbe came off the bench and shot 8 - of - 12 en route to a team - high 25 points to go along with five rebounds and three assists .
Evan Fournier supplied 13 points on 4 - of - 11 shooting , while Serge Ibaka finished with 11 points , two rebounds and two blocks .
Up next , the Rockets host the Raptors on Saturday night .
He went 6 - for - 14 from the field and 2 - for - 3 from the three - point line to have a team - high of 18 points .
They will play once more on Apr . 10 .
In their absences , Chris Bosh and Derrick Favors elevated their already impressive games and put their respective teams ’ offenses on their shoulders .
The Bulls , meanwhile , stumbled to just 33 percent shooting .
Miami ( 5 - 10 ) has struggled this season after experiencing major roster losses in free agency .
Tuesday was yet another example of Wall being at his best as a point guard , and when he 's at his best , his team typically is as well .
They also recorded 28 assists on 43 made baskets and were distributing the ball beautifully all night .
Tyler Ulis provided 15 points , six rebounds and 10 assists .
The star of the show was Kobe Bryant though , as he turned back the clock with a 28 - point effort .
The Detroit Pistons defeated the Charlotte Hornets , 112 - 89 , at Spectrum Arena on Tuesday .
Draymond Green provided 14 points , six rebounds , 11 assists and five steals in an all - around gem .
No player on the roster had more than seven rebounds or five assists .
Trevor Ariza and Patrick Beverley each grabbed seven boards , as Ariza scored 17 points and Beverley added 15 of his own .
The bench production was a huge part of that , with New_York 's bench grabbing 33 rebounds , while Boston 's bench snatched down just eight boards .
They also received a double - double and a triple - double from Jared Sullinger and Marcus Smart , respectively , and outperformed the visitors in every major offensive and defensive category .
The oft - injured Dwyane Wade had to go to the locker room with a left calf contusion , but he was able to return later in the game .
After the win , the Thunder are still on the outside looking in at the Western_Conference playoff picture .
In his absence , Houston was out - rebounded 50 - 4 .
Hassan Whiteside recorded a double - double , totaling 10 points , 15 rebounds , two steals and four blocks .
Jeff Teague was Atlanta 's top scorer against the Wizards , recording 26 points on 9 - of - 13 shooting from the field .
The Jazz will host the Denver Nuggets on Saturday , while the Heat will visit Portland .
Robert Covington was second on the team , tallying 21 points , 12 rebounds , three assists , three steals and three blocks .
Milwaukee , a playoff team in 2014 - 15 , has slid deep into the lottery picture so far this season .
Toronto now holds a 3 game lead over Chicago for the second seed in the East .
Center Ian Mahinmi saw an increase in playtime after it was announced that rookie big man Myles Turner ( hand ) will miss at least the next four weeks with a chip fracture in his thumb .
The Knicks extended their streak to nine straight losses .
Kevin Durant was the player of the game , as he tallied 34 points and 11 rebounds on an impressive 11 - of - 13 shooting .
Will Barton continues his breakout season though , as he scored another 29 points off the bench while grabbing seven boards .
Rudy Gobert was the only other Jazz player in double figures , as he provided 14 points , six rebounds , three assists and three blocks .
The All-Star has been phenomenal in 2016 , averaging 27 points and 7 assists per game while shooting 49 percent in January .
Bradley Beal was the player of the game , as he accumulated 32 points , three rebounds , four assists and two steals .
Bradley Beal followed with 25 points , six assists and four rebounds .
The Clippers have finished the season 3 - 1 against the Celtics .
Chandler Parsons added 12 points on 3 - of - 6 shooting , in 25 minutes .
The Bulls fell to 23 - 16 and remain in second place in the Eastern_Conference 's Central Division .
Most notably , Russell Westbrook played just 18 minutes , and in that time , he shot 2 - of - 10 from the field en route to scoring five points , but he did manage to dish out eight assists and grab five rebounds .
Once rivaling Cleveland for top of the conference , Chicago started February 1 - 6 and remains at risk for losing a playoff spot .
Zaza Pachulia had a strong day from the field as well .
The Nets dropped to 0 - 7 and remain in last place in the Eastern_Conference ’ s Atlantic Division .
New_Orleans will face a challenging matchup against the 40 - win Thunder on Thursday .
Over his past three games , he 's averaged 15 points , 18 rebounds and 4 blocks .
The Clippers have another tough test on the docket Wednesday with a matchup against the Trail_Blazers .
San_Antonio has won four straight games and seven of their last eight .
Brook Lopez led the Nets , as he tallied 26 points and five rebounds .
The Spurs ' next game will be at home against the Los_Angeles Clippers on Saturday , while the Hornets will travel to Denver to play the Nuggets on Saturday .
They also held Miami to 39 percent shooting in a defensive showcase .
They shot 45 percent from the field and 11 - of - 26 from long range , in order to pull off the win .
Trevor Ariza was second on the team , accruing 16 points , four rebounds and three assists .
Brook Lopez carried the Nets , as he tallied 33 points , 10 rebounds , three steals and four blocks in the loss .
Marcus Smart drew another start in place of Avery Bradley ( Achilles ) and posted 13 points , five rebounds , an assist and four steals .
Myles Turner amassed 20 points , four rebounds and four blocks .
Aron Baynes returned to the rotation after missing two games with a rib contusion .
Danilo Gallinari continues to reap the benefits of full health , a rarity for the talented but oft - injured forward .
Monta Ellis chipped in 15 points on 6 - of - 10 shooting , in 33 minutes off the bench , while the only other player to score in double digits was Myles Turner , who chipped in 13 points .
Memphis will look to play better on Monday when they face the Denver Nuggets in their next game .
The Nuggets fell to 13 - 24 and remain in fourth place in the Western_Conference 's Northwest Division .
He posted 18 points and three assists over 33 minutes , despite shooting just 33 percent from the field .
Sergio Rodriguez followed with 18 points , five assists , three rebounds and a trio of steals .
In Harden 's four games prior to Wednesday , he has scored 33 points or more , including a 45 - point explosion on Jan. 19 against the Pacers .
LeBron James has been averaging 34 points , 8 rebounds , 6 assists and 2 steals in 39 minutes per game since his return from back and knee strains , with the Cavs going 3 - 1 in that time .
Brook Lopez was just as good , as he tallied 27 points , eight rebounds and four assists .
Ricky Rubio ( ankle ) , Kevin Martin ( wrist ) and Nikola Pekovic ( wrist ) are all expected to be out about another month , and Mo Williams has n't made much progress in his bid to return from back spasms .
The Nuggets continued their tough stretch , losing their fourth game in a row .
Dwayne Wade , who had fluid drained from his knee Saturday , battled through the pain to play Sunday .
DeMar DeRozan led the team in scoring with 18 points and Greivis Vasquez had a quality game off the bench with 14 points on 5 - of - 6 shooting from the field .
Cleveland has made at least 10 three - pointers in every game this season and that 's what carried them here .
Kemba Walker was right behind with a 21 - point , 10 - assist double - double that also included four rebounds .
Nikola Mirotic chipped in eight of the 15 points of the Bulls run on three field goals , including two deep three - pointers .
Jusuf Nurkic recorded a double - double in the win , totaling 14 points , 14 rebounds and four assists .
The Cavaliers ' next game will be on the road against the Toronto Raptors on Wednesday , while the Celtics will be at home against the Utah Jazz on Wednesday .
The Rockets were able to force the Clippers into 16 turnovers , while committing only 10 of their own , which may have made the difference in this one .
Emmanuel Mudiay tallied 17 points and eight assists , but shot 25 percent from the field and could not get into any sort of rhythm down the stretch .
There were nine ties and 15 lead changes in total in this overtime thriller .
The Trail_Blazers ' next game will be at home against the Dallas Mavericks on Thursday , while the Cavaliers will go on the road to Utah to play the Jazz on Wednesday .
The Atlanta Hawks defeated the New_York Knicks , 102 - 98 , in overtime at Phillips Arena on Wednesday .
He converted 14 and hit 3 of 4 from three - point range .
Chicago will take on the Toronto Raptors in their next game on Sunday .
He also managed four rebounds and a pair of assists .
The Raptors improved to 23 - 15 and remain atop the Eastern_Conference 's Atlantic Division .
Sacramento has a quick turnaround , as they play the Dallas Mavericks on Thursday in their next game .
The Pelicans ' next game will be on the road against the Memphis Grizzlies on Wednesday , while the Warriors will be at home against the Portland Trail_Blazers on Thursday .
Recording a double - double of his own , Tyreke Evans added 15 points ( 7 - 14 FG , 1 - 2 3Pt ) , five rebounds and 12 assists .
Rookie Jahlil Okafor was the only Philly starter to score in double - digits , and only one Sixer eclipsed 30 minutes played in the emphatic blowout .
Cory Joseph started yet again and contributed 15 points , eight assists and four steals .
Teague was a distant second with 16 points , six assists , four rebounds , one steal and one block .
McCollum , who combined to score 43 points , but shot just 16 - for - 40 from the field .
Hollis Thompson finished with 15 points and five rebounds on strong 6 - 10 shooting , including 3 - 7 from deep .
Alex Len followed with an 11 - point , 11 - rebound double - double that also included one assist , two steals and two blocks .
The Raptors are now 40 at home this year , and they 'll get a day off before taking on the Orlando Magic at the Air_Canada_Centre on Tuesday .
The Pistons ( 10 - 10 ) checked in to Wednesday 's contest having experienced their share of shooting struggles this season , although they 'd shown signs of improvement in having won three of the prior four games .
LeBron James was the player of the game , as he accumulated 27 points , eight rebounds and 12 assists .
LeBron James was the player of the game , as he accumulated 27 points , eight rebounds and 12 assists .
It took a monster comeback , as the Jazz had to outscore the Kings , 28 - 16 in the fourth quarter to send it to an extra session .
Despite missing the game - winner , Kemba Walker shot 6 - for - 15 from the field and 2 - for - 6 from the three - point line to score 16 points , while handing out four assists .
Canaan , on the other hand , went 7 - for - 15 from the field and 4 - for - 8 from the three - point line for 20 points in 29 minutes off the bench , as his illness did n't seem to limit him much .
It was his second double - double in a row , a stretch where he 's combined for 37 points and 24 rebounds .
Houston shot 53 % from the floor and 44 % from three - point range .
McCollum finished with 28 points on strong 12 - 20 shooting from the field , including 4 - 7 from deep .
Jordan Hill was back in the line - up after missing games before the break with a dislocated finger , while Rodney Stuckey remained out due to a sore right foot .
Kristaps Porzingis was right behind with 18 points , six boards , two assists , two steals and a pair of blocks .
Toronto ( 22 - 8 ) holds one of the league 's top records , having now won nine of its last 11 games .
Jerami Grant received another start in Okafor 's stead , posting 13 points , three rebounds , two assists , a steal and a block .
Utah fell to 18 - 23 and remains in second place in the Western_Conference 's Northwest Division .
Jimmy Butler accrued 20 points , six rebounds , 14 assists and three steals .
Lawson had to sit out of Friday 's game for personal reasons , so it was good to see him come out right where he left off and have another big game .
Wade 's mark was the highest of any Bull , as the team hit 11 shots from three - point range in total .
The Lakers shot their way out of contention early in the game , and the theme continued throughout the remaining quarters .
DeMar DeRozan took just nine shots , but still finished with 24 points , nine rebounds and six assists .
What is most impressive is that this was the second half of a back - to - back set and it was on the road .
The Nets fell to 8 - 22 and remain in fourth place in the Eastern_Conference 's Atlantic Division .
Monta Ellis was actually second in line despite coming off the bench , amassing 19 points , six rebounds , five assists and four steals over 36 minutes .
A loss would leave the 76ers with the worst start in NBA history .
Meanwhile , Phoenix remained competitive thanks to strong bench play .
The Knicks fell to 8 - 10 and currently reside in third place in the Eastern_Conference 's Atlantic Division .
Paul is now averaging 19 points , 9 assists and 6 rebounds despite only playing 30 minutes per game to start the year .
Detroit will host the Wizards on Monday , while Memphis will host the Mavericks on Wednesday .
Both Jeff Green and Marc Gasol added 15 points for Memphis , with Gasol adding eight rebounds and six assists in his effort as well .
Fastbreak points was the most notable difference , with the Pacers winning that battle , 160 .
The thunder will travel to Denver on Friday , while the Kings will host the Houston Rockets .
Detroit has lost their last three games , as they were navigating a murder 's row of the Clippers , Mavericks and Raptors .
The Wizards continue their four - game , five - night Western_Conference road trip Sunday against the Denver Nuggets .
The host Utah Jazz took down the visiting Los_Angeles Lakers on Thursday , 96 - 88 .
Despite a season scoring average of 4 points on the year , he ' picked his game up recently and is averaging 14 points over his last four games , while playing extra minutes with so many injuries .
The only other player to score more than five points for the Pelicans was Ryan Anderson , who finished with six points ( 1 - 12 FG , 0 - 6 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) , albeit on horrendous shooting .
Indiana broke their eight - game losing streak with the win .
Headed into the matchup , the Raptors had lost three of their previous five matchups .
A solid playoff team last season , the Wizards endured a rough first quarter of their season , struggling to a 9 - 12 record over their first 21 games .
Ricky Rubio scored just five points and did n't make a field goal , but his 12 assists and nine rebounds were key , as was his overtime production .
He is considered day - to - day at this point .
Atlanta had six players score in double digits and an impressive 25 assists on 35 made field goals .
Justin Holiday paced the bench with 11 points .
Kemba Walker and Zeller contributed a pair of 15 - point efforts , with the former also supplying six assists , three rebounds and two steals , and the latter adding nine rebounds , two assists and a steal .
The Spurs are currently the seven seed in the Western_Conference , enjoying a five - game winning streak .
The loss further hurts Detroit 's already slim playoff chances , as they currently sit six games behind the eighth - place Miami Heat .
Evan Fournier supplied nine points , four rebounds , three assists and one steal .
In fact , no Lakers starter scored in double figures for the first time in over a decade .
Marquese Chriss and Eric Bledsoe were the only two starters in double figures , as they scored 13 points a piece .
Harrison Barnes had his best game since returning from injury , as he finished with 18 points off the bench .
Jrue Holiday also came up big , as he tallied 25 points , to go along with 12 assists , six rebounds and five steals , in 38 minutes .
Anthony Tolliver came off the bench to register 16 points , six rebounds and two assists over 28 minutes .
Houston will look to bounce back against the Memphis Grizzlies ( 7 - 7 ) at home on Wednesday , while the Knicks visit the Miami Heat ( 8 - 4 ) on Monday .
But the Knicks came to life in the fourth , outscoring the Nets 27 - 15 .
The Hornets would n't go quietly however , and following a Cody Zeller put - back with three seconds left , they were back up on top by a 118 - 117 margin .
James led the team with 20 points but shot just 6 - of - 18 and committed an uncharacteristic six turnovers .
Just a few games ago , the Magic ( 10 - 12 ) were in the midst of a forgettable stretch where they lost five of six contests .
Tobias Harris accumulated 16 points , five rebounds and five assists as well .
Notable three point specialist , Doug McDermott , was effective inside the perimeter off the bench , evidenced by his 5 - of - 8 shooting and 11 points in 25 minutes .
The Thunder will look to keep the good times rolling on Sunday against the Portland Trail_Blazers .
Next up for the Mavericks is a date in Indiana with the Pacers , on Wednesday .
The Nets ( 9 - 40 ) just continue to slide , as they 've now lost 18 of their last 19 games .
The Pistons finish their four - game road trip in Memphis on Saturday against the Grizzlies .
Andre Drummond added 18 points and 20 rebounds ( 13 offensive ) , and Josh Smith contributed 13 points , six assists and five boards .
Derrick Rose managed just four points in 13 minutes as he was forced to leave with lower back and hamstring injuries .
The Pacers were also without Rodney Stuckey for Thursday 's tilt as the prolific bench scorer continues to heal from a calf injury .
While the Warriors have seen some cold shooting nights so far this season , Friday 's matchup saw the worst splits for the team in recent memory .
Cleveland will enter the playoffs as the No . 2 seed in the Eastern_Conference , while Toronto will be slotted third .
The Magic begin a two - game road trip Monday against the Miami Heat .
Garrett Temple received a second straight spot start at shooting guard with Bradley Beal ( wrist ) sidelined .
Atlanta posted respective 53 and 50 percent success rates from the field and three - point range , with their pinpoint accuracy helping overcome a whopping 19 turnovers .
Jeff Teague supplied 16 points , six assists , three rebounds and one steal .
The Bucks dropped to 9 - 15 and remain in last place in the Eastern_Conference 's Central Division .
The 12 turnovers he had Wednesday was his season high and the first time he reached double - digit turnovers this season .
Derrick Favors appears to be back to full health following the ankle injury that sidelined him for two games earlier this week .
Chicago has the night off on Tuesday and will host the number one seed in the Eastern_Conference , the Atlanta Hawks on Wednesday .
Rebounding was huge as well , as the Nuggets snatched down 61 boards to the Blazers 45 .
Wesley Matthews had the next highest point total on the Blazers as he added 21 of his own , shooting 8 - for - 14 from the field and 3 - for - 8 from the three - point line .
Indiana put up a robust 100 shot attempts on the night , including a team - high 28 from sharpshooting guard Monta Ellis .
George Hill led Indiana with 20 points and six assists in 26 minutes .
To make matters worse for Charlotte , Frank Kaminksy left the game in the fourth quarter with a shoulder injury and did not return after scoring 16 points in 32 minutes .
The Nets hold the third - worst record in the NBA , and do not hold their own draft pick next year ( Boston received Brooklyn 's unprotected 2016 pick as part of a previous trade ) .
The remainder of the starting five could n't do much , with Trevor Booker ( nine points , four rebounds ) , Bojan Bogdanovic ( five points , three rebounds , two assists ) and Randy Foye ( one point , four assists , three rebounds ) turning in serviceable - to - underwhelming performances .
However , Memphis did earn the victory through their own strong offensive play as well , as they tallied superb 52 and 59 percent success rates from the field and three - point range , respectively .
In fact , the Sixers outscored the Bulls , 69 - 43 in the second and third quarters .
The Hawks will travel to Indiana on Monday to play the Pacers , while the Nuggets will go on the road to Toronto to play the Raptors on Monday as well .
In addition to Turner 's breakout performance , the Pacers saw George chip in with 25 points , eight boards , and six assists , with the scoring total including a 4 - for - 5 tally from beyond the arc .
It 's possible his ankle injury is still hindering his mobility and effectiveness .
Dallas will have three days off to get healthy before returning to action Wednesday against Phoenix .
The Jazz have now won eight of their last 10 games and sit just outside of the top - eight in the West .
The Jazz were unable to keep up with the ball movement , pace and defensive matchups that the Warriors threw their way .
To make matters worse , the Pelicans would later lose Dante Cunningham to a possible concussion .
The Trail_Blazers remain in second place in the Western_Conference 's Northwest Division , and are currently slotted in the sixth seed as well .
The Hornets ' 46 and 38 percent tallies from the field and three - point range outpaced OKC 's corresponding 44 and 30 percent figures .
Fastbreak points was a huge difference as well , with the Bulls scoring 22 fastbreak points to the Wizards six .
Ben McLemore also stepped up his offensive game with Cousins ' absence .
Devin Booker had a nightmare game , as he went 2 - of - 13 from the field to score eight points .
Cousins has been dominating opponents recently , averaging a ridiculous 33 points and 11 rebounds over his last four games .
They head home for a Halloween showdown with the New_York Knicks on Saturday .
The Clippers host the Minnesota Timberwolves back at Staples_Center on Monday looking to keep their winning streak intact .
The Thunder have won five of their last seven games as they fight for the final spot in the West playoff standings , overcoming the adversity they 've been handed as a result of numerous injuries .
He logged 12 minutes this time around but was the only Spur not to score a point .
Brook Lopez managed 20 points , five assists , three rebounds , a steal and a block .
Derrick Favors ( back ) missed his 10th consecutive game , but the outlook is positive , as he will look to make a return on Wednesday against the Portland Trail_Blazers .
Khris Middleton 's 18 points , six rebounds and three steals look good , but considering he shot 6 - for - 16 and committed nine turnovers , it was actually very ugly .
Rookie point guard D ’ Angelo Russell added 18 points off the bench and outscored starting guard Jordan Clarkson , who finished with 10 points , six rebounds and two assists .
Wesley Matthews compiled eight points , six assists and one rebound as a complementary offensive presence .
The Warriors will return to action Tuesday against the Clippers .
This win put Houston solely in the eight - seed and it may be their biggest win of the season .
In fact , the Timberwolves won the second quarter 28 - 15 , while the Hornets responded with a 36 - 17 third quarter of their own .
Chicago ( 9 - 6 ) is in the midst of the circus road trip and this tight loss made them 3 - 2 through five games .
Danny Granger was put into the starting lineup for Luol Deng , who was out with an illness .
Emmanuel Mudiay continued his great form , as he accumulated 23 points and 10 assists .
Guard Dwyane Wade , however , has assured fans that the forward 's current situation is less severe than his previous ailments .
Gasol posted 26 points with nine rebounds and hit a game - tying three - pointer as time expired at the end of regulation .
Ten players logged at least 15 minutes for Chicago , while E'Twaun Moore sat out with a sore hamstring .
It was a big night on the boards for Memphis , as the team finished with 61 rebounds .
Jamal Murray saw 14 minutes of action after dealing with soreness , but only contributed three points on four shots .
Wall has been hot as of late , averaging 25 points , 10 assists and 7 rebounds in his last three outings .
Davis had the most impressive performance of the game , though his team fell short .
The Hornets outscored the Raptors 58 - 30 in the second half , en route to the dominating victory .
Jon Leuer paced the bench with 14 points , eight rebounds and two steals , as the third and final Phoenix player to score in double digits .
Jeff Teague followed with 19 points , five assists , four rebounds and one steal .
Rose was right behind him with 20 points , five assists , four rebounds and two steals .
Spencer Dinwiddie followed up with 13 points , along with three assists and three rebounds .
Mike Conley missed his second straight game due to a right foot sprain .
Lin exploded for 26 points , four rebounds , and four assists .
In fact , the Mavericks outscored the Pelicans , 49 - 34 , in the second half .
He struggled in Monday 's loss to the Clippers where he finished with only seven points , so this was a nice bounce back game for him .
Giannis Antetokounmpo had his poorest perfomance of the year for the Bucks due to foul trouble .
In contrast to the Nets bench , the Jazz had six players combine for just 10 rebounds and two assists .
Marco Belinelli tallied 18 points , three rebounds , two assists and a steal to lead the bench .
Biyombo ran into foul trouble early on , allowing Lucas Nogeira to come off the bench and contribute 14 points , four rebounds , three assists and a steal over 25 minutes .
He finished with 21 points in 25 minutes off the bench before getting ejected for arguing an offensive foul call made against him with five minutes left in the fourth quarter .
The visiting Houston Rockets defeated the Portland Trail_Blazers , 130 - 114 , on Sunday night .
The Sixers ( 12 - 25 ) have seemingly been allergic to winning streaks for the last few seasons , but Joel Embiid and an improving roster are quickly proving to be immune to the frailties of years past .
DeRozan finished with 34 points and six assists while hitting some daggers in the final minutes to cap off the win .
He could 've had more , but he had to leave the game late in the third quarter after suffering an elbow contusion .
New_York has a quick turnaround , as they host the Houston Rockets on Wednesday for their next game .
In fact , the 10 players who came off the bench in this game combined for just 42 points .
Points in the paint were huge as well , with Toronto getting 50 paint points to Charlotte 's 32 .
The Golden_State Warriors defeated the Denver Nuggets 127 - 119 at Oracle_Arena on Monday .
Cleveland didn ’ t play the prettiest game on Tuesday , but they let their defense carry them to a much needed road win .
The Magic head home to face the Los_Angeles Clippers on Wednesday night , while the Hawks head north of the border to face the Toronto Raptors on Friday evening .
Nick Young led the starters with 15 points , while Julius Randle scored 14 of his own .
The Pelicans appear to be finally putting it all together and it 's likely as simple as health .
Isaiah Thomas tallied a game - high 33 points , while Marcus Smart , drawing the start at shooting guard , totaled 21 points and also recorded a whopping eight steals .
The Spurs have another big test Friday on their nine - game road swing as they will travel to Oakland to take on the Warriors .
The Rockets went cold from the field in the fourth after shooting the lights out for the entire contest .
The Pacers close out the season at home on Wednesday versus the Atlanta Hawks , while the Sixers head to New_York to do battle with the Knicks on Wednesday evening as well .
Cristiano Felicio posted a bench - leading 11 points that he supplemented with two rebounds and one assist .
Randy Foye was the third memeber of the starting lineup to reach the 20 - point mark , as he went 6 - for - 12 from the field and 4 - for - 9 from the three - point line to score 20 points , while adding eight assists .
Next up the Bucks will host the Trail_Blazers on Monday , while the Knicks will host Dallas on Monday .
James managed to complement his modest scoring total with eight boards , five assists and three steals .
Meanwhile , Derrick Rose toughed out a right hip contusion en route to 19 points and nine assists in 34 minutes .
Sean Kilpatrick was a distant second with 18 points , six assists , three rebounds and a steal .
Nene Hilario came off the bench to provide 12 points , six rebounds and three steals , while Eric Gordon led the bench with 13 points .
Derrick Rose was the only other Bulls player with more than 10 points , as he accumulated 21 points , three rebounds and four assists in the defeat .
`` On Monday , he showed why .
In two of the games Bryant missed , the Lakers have been competitive while sharing the ball , causing some to question how much Bryant has helped or hurt the team this season by his singular style of play .
Donatas Motiejunas stepped his game up in Dwight Howard 's absence .
The Blazers point guard was ice cold , as he finished just 1 - of - 10 from the field and 0 - of - 4 from three point territory .
Boston has lost four straight games as their commitment to rebuilding following the trade of Rajon Rondo to the Dallas Mavericks has them on a downward spiral .
The Oklahoma_City Thunder defeated the Utah Jazz 109 - 106 Tuesday at Chesapeake_Energy_Arena .
The Celtics out - rebounded the Raptors 55 to 24 , keeping them in the game in this close one .
The Jazz ( 14 - 9 ) claimed their third straight victory and have won seven of their last eight contests .
Charlotte was unconscious from the field , as they hit 55 percent of their shots and 55 percent of their three 's in their blowout win .
This was Denver 's first game since firing head coach Brian Shaw , which occurred Tuesday morning , but the Nuggets were able to control the game from start to finish .
The veteran center equaled his season high with 20 points , while hauling in a season - best 13 boards over 31 minutes .
James has been maligned for his shooting of late , but he ’ s compiled 35 assists over his last three contests .
The Cavs improved to 29 - 11 and remain atop the Eastern_Conference 's Central Division .
The Bulls are hopeful that Jimmy Butler , who is out with an elbow injury , can return within a week .
The Kings return home next Friday for a matchup with the Nuggets .
In Pierce 's absence , second - year forward Otto Porter received 37 minutes and put up 21 points and five rebounds .
The only other Sixer to reach double figures in points was Jason Richards , who finished with 12 points ( 4 - 9 FG , 4 - 7 3Pt ) and five assists in 26 minutes .
Each team boasted three 20 - point scorers .
Marco Belinelli added 17 points on 5 - 10 shooting , while Derren Collison added 18 also on 5 - 10 shooting .
Jrue Holiday carried the load for New_Orleans , as he tallied 30 points , three assists , two steals and two blocks .
Meanwhile , Utah was able to tally outstanding 57 and 56 percent success rates from the field and three - point range , respectively , while also outrebounding the visitors 42 - 29 .
Alex Len started at the center position and added 14 points and eight rebounds , but simply got abused by DeAndre Jordan throughout the matchup .
Houston plays host to the Suns , also on Saturday .
Nikola Vucevic led the team in scoring , as he accrued 18 points and 11 rebounds off the bench .
The Clippers will continue their homestand and host the Denver Nuggets ( 22 - 34 ) on Wednesday , while the Suns host the Brooklyn Nets ( 15 - 41 ) on Thursday .
Joe Johnson struggled , finishing with just six points on 2 - of - 11 shooting .
As for the Bulls ( 21 - 22 ) , the loss puts them back under .500 after they had won two straight , and it also drops them to 0 - 2 against Dallas this season .
While the Spurs as a team have gone just 2 - 2 in those four outings , Leonard is not at all to blame with his four consecutive performances of at least 30 points .
Charlotte made 21 - of - 22 free - throws while the Sixers went just 16 - for - 22 and the Hornets won the turnover battle 17 - 11 .
Sacramento 's Rajon Rondo has played an astounding 184 minutes over the last four games , and has posted an equally impressive three triple - doubles over that span .
He 's been playing at a very high rate lately , averaging 40 points , 10 rebounds , 5 assists and three steals over his last two games .
Jerian Grant was second on the Bulls with the aforementioned 13 - point total , and he added five rebounds , two assists and one steal .
Mayo ( hamstring ) .
Deron Williams tied Baron Davis with 6,25 assists all - time , good for 32nd in NBA history .
Towns had 15 points , 11 rebounds , and 10 assists for a triple - double .
T.J. Warren led the Suns in scoring with 27 points , to go along with seven rebounds , while Eric Bledsoe added 20 points , seven rebounds and four assists .
They are just waiting to see who lands in the seventh spot when the regular season concludes on Wednesday .
Kevin Garnett recorded a double - double of 12 points and 12 rebounds in 27 minutes .
Gerald Henderson played a game - high 38 minutes and recorded 21 points on 8 - of - 15 shooting , five assists , and three steals .
The Pelicans led 28 - 26 after one quarter , but could n't keep pace the rest of the way .
Allen Crabbe was the lone starter to play more than 30 minutes and all four bench players who saw the floor played more than 23 minutes .
The Golden_State Warriors ( 21 - 2 ) defeated the New_Orleans Pelicans ( 11 - 12 ) 128 - 122 in overtime on Sunday .
Miles followed with 13 points , while Robinson led the bench with 11 .
Meanwhile , Sacramento has now lost seven of its last eight games and falls to 4 - 12 since the All-Star break .
The Pelicans outscored the Jazz 29 - 19 in the fourth quarter for a comeback win .
Plumlee finished with a nice double - double including 14 points ( 4 - 14 FG , 6 - 6 FT ) and 10 rebounds .
The Clippers are off until Saturday when they host the Grizzlies in a matchup with potentially major playoff implications .
They shot an outstanding 55 percent from the field , and a particularly stellar 58 from long range .
The Hawks will host the New_Orleans Pelicans on Friday .
The Nets improved to 10 - 23 but remain in fourth place in the Eastern_Conference 's Atlantic Division .
No other Bulls player managed to get into double - digit scoring , with Derrick Rose ( eight points , four assists and a rebound ) notably underperforming .
DeMarcus Cousins did finish the game with 16 points , 10 rebounds and four assists , but went just 7 - of - 22 from the field , as he was clearly frustrated by the Jazz defense .
Thabo Sefolosha ( illness ) missed a second straight game .
George Hill remains sidelined with a knee bruise and hamstring injury but hopes to return sometime in mid - December .
The Cavaliers will host the Atlanta Hawks on Wednesday , while the Hornets will also play Wednesday , hosting the Phoenix Suns .
Michael Carter-Williams shot 2 - of - 12 in his return to the lineup after missing one game due to an ankle injury .
The Pacers improved to 14 - 9 and remain in third place in the Eastern_Conference 's Central Division .
Curry is shooting unbelievably well right now .
He returned to the starting lineup after coming off the bench for five games , since returning from a groin injury .
Dieng tallied 20 points and 15 rebounds of his own , along with a pair of assists and a pair of steals .
Chicago plays seven of its next eight games on the road , starting Friday in Dallas .
The steady Ryan Anderson - - the only other Pelican to have some success offensively - - contributed 16 points and five rebounds off the bench .
Lee was next with 17 points , two assists , two rebounds and four steals .
Up next , the Clippers will head to Orlando Wednesday to take on the Magic , while the Trail_Blazers will head home Tuesday and play the Thunder .
Luol Deng , who started the day with a questionable designation due to a thigh injury , posted 10 points , 13 boards , five assists , a steal and a block .
The Jazz have been eliminated from playoff contention , but the win marks their second in a row , as they 'll try and close the season with a strong finish , giving them plenty of momentum heading into next season .
Brandon Ingram and Julius Randle followed with matching 14 - point efforts , with the former also providing seven boards , two assists and one steal , and the latter offering two rebounds , two assists and one block .
Bogut turned in a strong performance , as the big man finished with 10 points , 13 rebounds and four assists in 27 minutes .
Ryan Anderson produced 19 points , while Trevor Ariza and Clint Capela followed with matching 12 - point efforts .
Orlando toyed with a handful of different rotations with 10 players playing at least 17 minutes in the loss .
Next , Phoenix hosts the Nuggets on Sunday .
It was the 15 - year veteran 's third performance of over 20 points in the last four games , and his second double - double over that span , with Randolph having come off the bench in all of those contests .
Wall ’ s 22 points , 13 assists and five rebounds overshadowed his seven turnovers , which proved to be a non - issue seeing the double digit lead his team held for most of the game .
Julius Randle , alongside the Lakers youth , led the charge with an impressive all around performance against the Heat .
Lowry has really struggled with his shot lately , combining to go just 9 - for - 34 from the field over his last two games , so he really needs to get things turned around if the Raptors want to have some success in the playoffs .
The Pelicans ( 21 - 33 ) shot 60 percent from the field and 48 percent from long range , while they dished 27 assists .
No player reached the 30 - minute total in this blowout , as 12 players played at least eight minutes .
Early reports have said it is n't too serious , but more should be known in the future .
Orlando 's three other starters also scored in double digits , including Aaron Gordon with 21 points and 10 rebounds in 32 minutes , while Jeff Green chipped in 11 points off the bench .
Cody Zeller managed 11 points , seven rebounds , two assists , three blocks and one steal .
Isaiah Canaan returned from seven - game absence with a sprained ankle .
This was the Suns sixth loss in a row , while San_Antonio picked up their third win in a row .
Jarrett Jack has been really solid this season , but he committed seven turnovers here in one of his worst games of the years thus far .
The Thunder ( 46 - 34 ) are locked into the six - seed in the west , but this will be a game Oklahoma_City fans remember forever .
Valanciunas chipped in nine points , four rebounds and two blocks , in 20 minutes .
The Rockets also dominated the defensive rebounding battle , winning it , 40 - 27 .
LeBron James equaled Love 's point total and added five assists , a rebound , a steal and a block .
The third member of the starters to reach double figures was Ben McLemore .
They 've won nine of their last 11 .
However , Indiana stormed back in the fourth quarter with a run of its own to cut into Sacramento 's lead .
D'Angelo Russell was right behind him with 18 points , five boards , three assists and one steal .
Cleveland did n't have its full complement of players available for this game , but its reserves rose to the occasion .
as they also dominated the points in the paint ( 60 - 38 ) and fastbreak differential ( 27 - 10 ) .
The Wizards are 3 - 7 in their last 10 games and need to find some consistency if they hope to make ground in the East .
They 're home against the Los_Angeles Clippers on Sunday .
Both sets of moves were effective , as the trio of aforementioned players enjoyed productive outings .
The rebounding battle was also key , as Milwaukee hauled in 42 boards to Charlotte 's 31 .
Matt Barnes was the only player to score at least 20 points for Memphis , as he finished with 24 points ( 8 - 17 FG , 5 - 10 3Pt , 3 - 3 FT ) .
It was a great team effort , as six players scored in double figures , including Vince Carter , who scored 18 points in 41 minutes off the bench , and Kosta Koufos , who posted 16 points and seven rebounds off the bench .
The extra long time between games was a result of their last game being cancelled due to inclement weather .
The Heat have two days off to get healthy before taking the floor Friday against the Mavericks .
While Walker still works his way back into the rotation , Mo Williams continues to start .
Rondo has four triple - doubles and two double - doubles in his past nine games .
Griffin had just eight points on 3 - of - 8 shooting .
The Nets , on the other hand , are still in the thick of things as well , considering they 're only a game and a half behind the Celtics for that final spot .
DeAndre Jordan totaled 17 points and 17 rebounds .
Rashad Vaughn contributed 12 points , three assists , two rebounds , two steals and a block in another start in place of Jerryd Bayless .
LaVine could n't miss , shooting a scorching 11 - of - 18 from the field and 5 - of - 9 from long range .
Portland will look to make it three straight wins when they host the Denver Nuggets ( 12 - 19 ) on Wednesday .
Miami will look to end the Los_Angeles Clippers ( 25 - 13 ) nine game winning streak at Staples_Center on Wednesday .
McCollum scored 17 points on 6 - of - 12 shooting .
Nicolas Batum turned in 10 points , five assists , four rebounds , two steals and one block .
The new - look Knicks ( 0 - 1 ) , who added Joakim Noah , Derrick Rose and Courtney Lee in a makeover of their starting five this offseason , had their moments at various points until the middle of the third quarter , at which point LeBron James , Kyrie Irving and rest of the defending NBA champions started to exert their dominance .
Enes Kanter led the bench with 16 points , six rebounds , one assist and two blocks .
Miami , meanwhile , heads to Dallas to take on the Mavericks on Sunday night .
Houston , meanwhile , sits just half a game out of playoff contention despite the loss .
Evan Fournier and Nikola Vucevic carried the load for Orlando , as they combined for 46 points , 17 rebounds and four steals .
The Pistons will enjoy a weekend of rest following the excruciating 68 - minute game .
Kyrie Irving has progressively improved since returning from the fractured kneecap he suffered in last season 's Finals versus the Warriors .
With this win Denver is 3 - 1 in the season series .
Next up , the Knicks visit the Dallas Mavericks on Wednesday , while the Pacers visit the Minnesota Timberwolves on Thursday .
Utah shot 51 percent from the floor and 42 percent from three .
Marc Gasol added 19 points , seven rebounds and three assists , and six total Grizzlies ended up scoring in double - figures .
Toronto has now won 18 of its last 21 games and four in a row .
The Memphis Grizzlies defeated the Phoenix Suns , 130 - 112 , at FedEx Forum on Tuesday .
Despite the loss , Eric Bledsoe had a big night for the Suns .
They resume action in Brooklyn on Feb. 19 .
The second quarter is when Chicago made their mark , as they outscored Milwaukee 33 to 17 .
He 's dialed in at the moment and has shot 50 percent or higher from the field in each of his last four games .
Kobe Bryant led the Lakers with 39 points , and he grabbed nine rebounds .
Myles Turner totaled 11 points , seven rebounds and five blocks .
C. J .
Joakim Noah sat out a fourth straight game while he lets his sprained ankle heal completely .
The impressive efforts were not enough , however , to trump Miami .
Of course , Booker 's excellent play was nothing compared to point guard Eric Bledsoe , who dropped 40 points and dished out 13 assists .
Philadelphia has a short turnaround , as they play the Washington Wizards on Monday .
Despite the loss , the Clippers saw three players break the 20 - point mark .
Denver will have to travel to San_Antonio on Wednesday in the second half of a back - to - back to take on the Spurs in what will surely be a tough task .
He had to sit out of Tuesday 's game due to a groin injury , so it was good to see him come back and get a full games worth of work without any setbacks .
Up next , the Jazz will look to build on Tuesday 's victory on Thursday against the Pistons , while the Cavaliers will look to bounce back against the Trail_Blazers on Wednesday .
Cleveland ended their two - game losing streak with the win .
Nicolas Batum logged a double - double as he added 17 points and 11 assists , along with five rebounds and two steals , in 37 minutes .
Ramon Sessions started over the ailing Darren Collison , providing 11 points , four rebounds and five assists in 31 minutes .
The host Los_Angeles Lakers handily defeated the Golden_State Warriors on Friday , 117 - 97 .
The win here puts them in position to take that spot , but only as long as the Bulls lose their matchup against the Atlanta Hawks on Wednesday as well .
The story behind Tuesday 's box score was more about what did not happen , rather than what did , as it was evident that former Rookie of the Year Michael Carter-Williams had played himself completely out of the team 's rotation .
Boban Marjanovic also recorded a double - double , dropping 13 points and 11 rebounds off the bench .
Deron Williams sat out a second straight game with a calf issue , but Brook Lopez ( back ) was able to return to action after sitting out the last eight games .
Houston returns to action on Monday in a favorable home matchup against the Philadelphia 76ers .
Jameer Nelson managed 12 points , two rebounds and one assist .
Both teams have home games Tuesday , with the Nets hosting the Atlanta Hawks ( 8 - 3 ) , while the Warriors will look to win their twelfth straight game against the Toronto Raptors ( 7 - 3 ) .
Indiana is almost back to full health , excluding Paul George who is out for the season , but since getting David West back eight games ago , they 've only won a single game .
Houston will return to action Sunday in Oklahoma_City before a kicking off a home - and - home set with San Antonio on Wednesday .
The Atlanta Hawks defeated the New_York Knicks , 108 - 107 , at Madison_Square_Garden on Monday afternoon .
Aaron Gordon led Orlando , as he tallied 20 points and five rebounds .
Next , the Pistons head straight to Philly to play the third game of their current four - game road trip , on Saturday .
Hassan Whiteside followed up with 17 points and 16 rebounds , while Tyler Johnson added 15 points off the bench .
Derrick Rose was New_York 's best player , as he tallied 24 points , five rebounds and five assists .
Phoenix ( 9 - 22 ) , on the other hand , sits near the bottom of the Western_Conference for the second straight season .
Chicago remains home to host the Pistons on Monday .
Point guard Eric Bledsoe chipped in 16 , while the Suns also saw big scoring totals off the bench .
Sacramento ( 16 - 23 ) has struggled lately , having now lost six of its last eight games .
Karl-Anthony Towns led Minnesota , as he totaled 37 points and 12 rebounds .
Jamal Crawford was big off the bench , shooting 5 - 8 from three - point range and finishing with 20 points .
Tyler Johnson came off the bench to supply 18 points , seven rebounds , five assists , two steals and a block .
LaMarcus Aldridge finished with a game - high 20 points in 30 minutes , and the Blazers rested their starters down the stretch to give some of their bench players extended run .
Len 's 18 - point , 12 - rebound double - double spearheaded the Phoenix offense , and he added an assist as well .
Rookie Jonathon Simmons chipped in 12 points on 4 - 8 shooting in 26 minutes off the bench .
Ronnie Price ( face ) returned to action and started at point guard after sitting out their last game .
Struggles continued , meanwhile , for former MVP Derrick Rose , who is continuing to put up the worst numbers of his career .
Milwaukee has had a troubling start to the season after returning to the playoff picture in 2014 - 15 .
Darrell Arthur was held out for the second straight game with a strained right calf .
The Charlotte Hornets defeated the Dallas Mavericks , 97 - 87 , at Spectrum_Center on Thursday .
The Blazers won by the definition of team effort and the scoring outburst from their bench .
Greg Monroe was able to record a double - double of his own .
Tyson Chandler had to leave this game early with a shoulder injury and that 's the last thing this team can afford right now .
Taurean Prince tallied 20 points , seven rebounds and four assists .
The Magic went to Nikola Vucevic for the game winner , but he was n't able to convert , giving the Bulls the narrow victory on the road in Orlando .
He 's shot extremely well of late , finishing 55 percent or higher from the field in each of his last three games .
Lou Williams started alongside Jordan Clarkson , but was not able to rekindle his magical 44 point performance that happened against the Thunder on Friday .
The Pistons head into the offseason with the eighth - worst record in the league .
The Rockets are currently in fourth place in the Western_Conference 's Southwest Division , and they retain a rather tenuous hold on the eighth seed in the conference by one - and - one - half games over the Utah Jazz .
The Cavaliers will look to bounce back on Thursday against the Brooklyn Nets in their next game .
Kent Bazemore played despite being considered doubtful with a sore ankle and played well , finishing with 14 points , three rebounds and two assists .
New_York has dropped two straight and 12 of their last 13 .
Sacramento ( 27 - 44 ) has seen things turn fairly bleak after trading away star center DeMarcus Cousins .
With the win , the Wizards improve their record to 4 - 4 .
He finished with only seven points , but also failed to record any assists or rebounds .
A tough spot in the schedule and injuries may have slowed them down , especially in the second half .
Cory Joseph and Lucas Nogueira combined for 27 points on 12 - of - 15 shooting off the bench .
The Raptors head to Charlotte to take on the Hornets on Friday night , while the Sixers remain home to await the Portland Trail_Blazers on Friday evening as well .
Houston 's offense was especially easy , as they shot 63 percent from the field and 51 percent from three - point range .
Toronto is now 3 - 3 since DeRozan returned from a groin injury which he suffered on Nov. 28 .
He 's pushed his season averages to 24 points and 10 rebounds on the year .
Philly will have the weekend off before facing the Clippers on Monday .
Nicolas Batum finished with 13 points , six assists , four rebounds and one steal , in 31 minutes .
It was already ugly for the Sixers , but it 's getting down right atrocious at this point .
The Lakers played very poorly in this game and the frustration boiled over .
The Pacers will head home and host the Grizzlies on Thursday , while the Raptors will head to Boston for a showdown with the Celtics on Friday .
Myles Turner was the player of the game , as he tallied 28 points and 10 rebounds off the bench .
New_Orleans has now won both its games since Anthony Davis returned to the lineup last Wednesday .
Facing a 61 - 50 deficit at the half , the Kings were able to rally and make the game interesting in the third and fourth quarters largely on the back of their bench .
Rondae Hollis-Jefferson turned in 11 points in 14 minutes to lead the bench .
OKC defensive anchor Steven Adams sat out Sunday 's contest with an injured right elbow , allowing Lopez to take advantage of the defensive shortcomings of backup Enes Kanter .
All the starters were horrible as well , as only one starter between the two teams scored more than 14 points .
Washington will look back on this game , however , and see many missed opportunities at the free throw line , where they made just 16 of their 25 attempts .
The Clippers ' next game will be on the road against the Dallas Mavericks on Friday , while the Thunder will be at home against the Minnesota Timberwolves on Friday .
Jerryd Bayless moved back to a bench role with the availability of Carter-Williams , but the former still scored 13 points in 30 minutes .
Wayne Ellington dropped 15 points off the bench , while James Johnson totaled seven points and six assists off the pine as well .
In his stead , Nene Hilario has stepped up with three solid performances , but multiple players elevated their respective games on the glass Friday to help make up for the big man 's absence .
The Mavericks improved to 20 - 15 and remain in second place in the Western_Conference 's Southwest Division .
The Raptors ' next game will be on the road against the Utah Jazz on Wednesday , while the Kings will be at home against the Pacers on Friday .
Matthews has really struggled with his shot this season , averaging a career - low 35 percent from the field and just 33 percent from the three - point line , so after Wednesday 's outing , it appears he still has n't been able to make any noticeable improvements .
Steph Curry was n't far behind , tallying 24 points , six assists and five steals .
George actually scored 12 of his 32 points in the final six minutes to secure the win for Indiana .
Denver had won its previous two meetings against Minnesota entering Saturday 's contest .
Rajon Rondo supplied only five points but did add nine assists , two rebounds and a steal .
The Magic 's offense was especially good , as they shot 51 percent from the field and 50 percent from three - point range .
They committed 17 turnovers and shot 36 percent from the field , including 8 of 28 from three - point range .
Miles led the Pacers overall with 25 points , two rebounds , three steals and a block in just 21 minutes off the bench .
Lance Stephenson remains out with a groin injury , but considering all the trade rumors going around about Stephenson , the Hornets probably are n't too worried about his absence .
Bismack Biyombo got the start and contributed 14 points , and 15 rebounds .
Bench scoring and rebounding were key for the Lakers , as they outrebounded the Bulls , 60 - 46 and outscored them on the bench , 56 - 16 .
Miles , who combined for 9 - of - 15 shooting from beyond the arc .
Blake Griffin is quietly having an MVP-type season , as his 20 points , 11 rebounds and four assists are almost identical to his season averages .
Derrick Rose was second on the team , accruing 18 points , four rebounds and two assists .
After a slump in late December , George now has back - to - back 30 - point - plus performances .
Mirotic had an insane month of March where he averaged more than 20 points and eight rebounds a contest .
The Hawks are off until Friday when they host the Boston Celtics for their next game .
Cory Joseph earned the start in his place .
Defensive anchor Rudy Gobert , meanwhile , had two blocks and two steals while leading the team with 13 rebounds .
Houston , which is still without Dwight Howard , managed just 41 percent shooting , while Dallas shot 47 percent from the field and forced 21 turnovers .
This win brings the Bulls within two games of the eight - seed in the east , so it was obviously a crucial win .
Though not mathematically eliminated , the Knicks remain squarely out of the Eastern_Conference playoff picture .
Even with a six point outing on Monday , Speights is averaging 18 points over his last four games as he continues to roll with a hot hand .
He took a hard fall on a drive late in the fourth but was able to return to action .
Davis has now scored 38 or more points in three of his last four comments , only failing to do so in a blowout in which he sat due to a minor injury .
The Mavericks will finish off their season at home , when they host the San_Antonio Spurs on Wednesday .
They could n't get their shots to fall Saturday , shooting just 36 percent from the field and 69 percent from the free - throw line .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 3 - 3 ) took down the New_Orleans Pelicans ( 3 - 3 ) 118 - 111 on Monday night at the Quicken_Loans_Arena .
The offense has been terrible all season , for the Lakers , but this 111 - spot will hopefully get them going .
Walker finished the game with 34 points , while hitting a career - high seven three - pointers .
The Spurs ( 48 - 26 ) defeated the Heat ( 34 - 40 ) 95 - 81 at the AmericanAirlines Arena on Tuesday .
Jones finished with a team - high 36 to go with 11 rebounds , two steals and three blocks .
Pachulia amassed 17 points , eight rebounds , two assists and two steals in the win .
Trevor Ariza and Clint Capela turned in matching 11 - point efforts , and Montrezl Harrell 's 15 points paced the bench .
New_York was outrebounded 50 - 44 but shot 47 percent from the floor .
Blake Griffin is still getting accustomed to being back on the court , and struggled in his second game back from injury/suspension .
Chandler Parsons and Dirk Nowitzki each tallied 25 points for the Mavericks .
Trevor Booker was next and led the first unit with an 18 - point , 12 - rebound double - double that also included three assists and four steals .
The Wizards were the better shooters in this game , going 49 percent from the field , while the Lakers shot just 43 percent .
Danilo Gallinari returned from a three - game sabbatical due to knee soreness .
Tony Allen swiped four steals in 32 minutes , increasing his averaging to 3 steals per game since the All-Star break .
Miami ( 10 - 26 ) is in the midst of a dismal run , having now gone 2 - 9 in its last 11 games .
The Pacers have now won a season - high seven games in a row and nine of their last ten .
Terrence Ross poured in 23 points and Aaron Gordon totaled 13 .
The only other Pelican to reach double figures in points was Quincy Pondexter , who scored 12 points ( 4 - 10 FG , 0 - 3 3Pt , 4 - 4 FT ) in 26 minutes off the bench .
Boston also made a huge impact on the boars , pulling down 57 rebounds .
Thanks to the four - game win streak , the Clippers now sit a half - game ahead of the Jazz for fourth place in the Western_Conference .
Rebounding and shooting both proved to be problem areas for Atlanta .
Kemba Walker paced the starting five with 18 points , six assists , five rebounds , a steal and a block .
The Bucks will look to bounce - back against the Denver Nuggets on Monday .
Kawhi Leonard missed his fifth game in a row with a hand injury .
Bryant finished with 17 points , one rebound and two assists on 6 - of - 15 shooting , but also looked sloppy handling the ball at times , which he even recognized after checking himself out of the game .
They shot just 5 - 19 from three - point land .
The Wizards host the Chicago Bulls on Friday .
The Jazz ( 14 - 10 ) were missing four of their five starters due to injury on Thursday .
Wall 's 27 points led the Wizards , and Bradley Beal followed with 25 points .
The Bucks did have a strong showing from their bench as well .
Eric Bledsoe canned a deep three to cut Dallas ' lead to one .
The Jazz were able to overcome poor ball management , leading to 21 team turnovers , by shooting the lights out .
Steven Adams , the team 's usual starter , was dealing with migraines before tip off and did not play .
The Knicks ( 22 - 29 ) are within three games of the eight - seed in the east and wins like this are crucial for that pursuit .
Even through their struggles , their defense has largely been consistent , and such was the case again Wednesday .
It doesn ’ t get much easier for Phoenix , as they travel to play the Golden_State Warriors on Saturday in their next game .
Lopez had 12 points , four rebounds , one assist and three blocks in 25 minutes before exiting .
The Golden_State Warriors defeated the host Los_Angeles Lakers , 109 - 85 , on Friday at Staple Center .
The Chicago Bulls ( 50 - 32 ) defeated the Atlanta Hawks ( 60 - 22 ) 91 - 85 on Wednesday .
The visiting Detroit Pistons took down the Los_Angeles Lakers on Sunday , 102 - 97 .
Lillard was responsible for seven of the turnovers , but the Blazers are aware of the hindering foot injury and it should not be long before he returns to his elite level of play .
Veteran sharpshooter Kyle Korver had the best of his three games thus far as a Cavalier , scoring 18 points off the bench .
Monta Ellis was the fourth member of the starting five to reach double - digit scoring , managing 11 points , four assists , two rebounds and two steals .
Malcolm Brogdon came off the bench to provide 15 points and eight assists .
Jae Crowder followed with 14 points , three rebounds , an assist and two blocks .
A game that was expected to be a grind - it - out defensive battle largely fulfilled that prophecy , with Toronto finally able to pull away on the strength of a pair of standout efforts from their two best players , and an injury to one of their opponent 's key pieces .
The Cleveland Cavaliers defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves 116 - 108 Tuesday at Target_Center .
The Bucks conclude a two - game road trip Sunday against the Toronto Raptors .
Their issues were exacerbated by the absence of sophomore star D'Angelo Russell ( knee ) .
The Mavericks ( 46 - 29 ) defeated the Thunder ( 42 - 33 ) in a wild 135 - 131 shootout at the Chesapeake_Energy_Arena on Wednesday .
Isaiah Thomas and Avery Bradley combined for 45 points on 43 shot attempts for the Celtics , a tally that included a 5 - of - 9 effort for Thomas from beyond the arc .
The Clippers will visit Dallas on Wednesday , while Toronto will visit Houston .
It was a nice end to the season for Butler , who finishes the year with averages of 8 points and 3 rebounds over 74 games .
Sophomore big man Nikola Jokic also posted an efficient line off the bench , leading the team with a whopping 27 points and 11 rebounds on 10 - of - 12 shooting .
Lavoy Allen followed up with a solid double - double consisting of 18 points and 11 rebounds , to go along with three assists , two steals and one block , in 32 minutes .
Carmelo Anthony was the only other starter in double figures , as he scored 15 points on 6 - of - 22 shooting .
The Warriors extended their win streak to six games through excellent ball movement and selfless basketball , which has become a staple to their improved season .
Rudy Gay was the only other starter in double figures , as he tallied 17 points and seven rebounds .
Cole played a bulk of the minutes at point guard as a result of Tyreke Evans still dealing with soreness in his ankle .
Bench guard Jordan Clarkson also put together a decent outing , shooting 6 - of - 11 for 14 points .
As a team , the Jazz shot 45 percent from the field , compared the Clippers ' stellar 56 percent , a telling difference .
The New_Orleans Pelicans ( 8 - 8 ) defeated the Oklahoma_City Thunder ( 5 - 13 ) 112 - 104 Tuesday at the Smoothie_King_Center in New_Orleans .
The 12 - year pro posted 18 points , 12 rebounds , a pair of assists , a pair of blocks and a steal .
These are two teams going in opposite directions , but Phoenix put that to the side by upsetting Oklahoma_City in this big win .
Nikola Vucevic came off the bench to provide 10 points , six rebounds and six assists .
Nikola Vucevic came off the bench to provide 10 points , six rebounds and six assists .
The Raptors will host the Wizards on Wednesday .
Warren finished with 12 points and two rebounds , in 19 minutes off the bench .
Oklahoma_City travels to Portland on Friday for the second half of a back - to - back set .
Randy Foye was also a solid contributor off the bench , generating 11 points , five assists and two rebounds .
The Warriors ' next game will be on the road against the Brooklyn Nets on Monday , while the Celtics will travel to Cleveland to play the Cavaliers on Tuesday .
The Nets fell to 10 - 24 and currently reside in fourth place in the Eastern_Conference 's Atlantic Division .
Khris Middleton tallied 13 points , five rebounds , four assists and one steal .
Kirk Hinrich left Wednesday 's games with a knee injury after he recorded three points and a steal in 10 minutes , he did not return .
After going 0 - of - 5 from long distance in his previous game , it was Horford 's first game this season without a three - point attempt .
The Knicks , meanwhile , are done until after the break .
The combination of the three guard system caused frequent mismatches and opened up Crawford to get hot through iso plays .
Paul George was ejected in the fourth quarter after picking up a technical foul and his sixth personal .
Matthews is still recovering from surgery on his Achillies in the offseason .
Bradley , who has gained a reputation as a solid perimeter defender , also tacked on four steals .
Boston will enter the postseason as the top dog in the East , while the Bucks will be the No . 6 seed .
He finished with 25 points on 11 - of - 19 shooting .
The Warriors ( 20 - 3 ) remain the league 's top team following their win in Utah .
Jared Dudley was next in line with a 13 - point , six - rebound outing , and took away the ball three times on the night as well .
Waiters was next with 20 points , seven rebounds , three assists , two steals and two blocks .
The Nuggets lost starting forward Danilo Gallinari ( ankle ) in the 3rd quarter after departing with an ankle sprain .
Dallas will host the Jazz on Thursday , while Portland will host the Celtics .
Enes Kanter chipped in 16 points and 15 boards , and Trey Burke added 17 points and nine assists .
Stephen Curry , Klay Thompson , and Andrew Bogut started after resting Friday against the Denver Nuggets .
He 's been one of the few bright spots during the Pistons ' seven - game losing streak , as he 's averaged 20 points and 9 rebounds over his last three games .
With all the starters playing less than 30 minutes , the bench got a ton of extra time , as a total of 13 players ended up playing at least nine minutes on Monday .
Orlando played with many rotations once the rout was on and had 10 players see at least 17 minutes of action .
Embiid is playing on a minutes restriction after injuries robbed him of two consecutive seasons .
Taking Nicolas Batum 's spot in the starting lineup , the inexperienced Allen Crabbe totaled seven points in 17 minutes .
Otto Porter , Jr. registered 15 points , six rebounds , three assists and two blocks .
Kobe Bryant had missed the last two games with a back injury and had originally been reported to be out of Friday 's contest as well .
Alex Len logged a double - double with 10 points and 11 rebounds , in 25 minutes .
He scored eight points with eight rebounds in 18 minutes off the bench .
The Wizards also shot a stellar 54 percent from the field overall and 60 percent from three - point range .
It was his second straight 15 - point game in a row , as he 's been a big reason the Wizards have won each of their last two games .
LaMarcus Aldridge was next with a modest 11 points , three rebounds , two assists and two steals .
Ricky Rubio recorded a double - double , accruing 14 points and 13 assists .
Denver was the more motivated team in this matchup and that proved to be the case in the scoreline .
It was the second and third quarters where the Knicks really won the game , as they outscored he Bulls 69 - 43 in that 24 - minute stretch .
The Pacers shot a blistering 59 percent from the field and 50 percent from long distance .
This capped off an eight - game homestand for the Nuggets , and the 4 - 4 record is nothing to be disappointed about .
Nikola Vucevic 's 25 points paced Orlando .
Stephen Curry struggled shooting the ball , going just 4 - of - 17 from the field and 2 - of - 10 from three , but was still able to total 16 points and 11 assists in 27 minutes .
The Miami Heat defeated the Atlanta Hawks , 116 - 93 , at American_Airlines_Arena on Wednesday .
Greg Monroe was the only other player with more than 11 points , as he accrued 14 points , five rebounds and six assists off the bench .
The Pelicans ( 30 - 41 ) have now won five of their last six games , as they have the best defense in the NBA across their last 10 games based on efficiency ratings .
Despite shooting 18 less free throws , the Bucks still secured the 20 - point victory .
Aron Baynes and Ish Smith turned in matching 10 - point efforts off the bench .
The New_Orleans Pelicans defeated the host Memphis Grizzlies , 95 - 91 , at FedEx Forum on Wednesday .
Westbrook came close to one of his trademark triple - doubles , managing 29 points , eight rebounds , eight assists and two steals .
He has been contributing across the board this season , averaging 28 points , 7 assists , 6 rebounds , 2 steals and 1 blocks a game in his campaign for MVP .
Thaddeus Young 's stat line included 17 points and a game - high six steals .
Mason Plumlee totaled 13 points and eight rebounds , Noah Venloe added 11 points and six rebounds and Ed Davis contributed eight boards off the bench .
Houston ( 27 - 9 ) may be the league 's hottest team , as the Rockets are now 9 - 2 in their last 11 .
The Spurs bench was huge , as they combined for 45 points and 26 rebounds .
Harrison Barnes led the way for the visitors with 31 points , two rebounds and one steal .
He missed the last 11 games with a rib injury .
Alex Len drew the start and managed 13 points , eight rebounds , two assists and one block .
Minnesota fell to 9 - 15 and remains in last place in the Western_Conference 's Northwest Division .
They ’ ll continue their road trip against the Minnesota Timberwolves on Thursday , giving them a quick turnaround and a new opportunity to get moving in the right direction .
It wasn ’ t for the faults of DeMarcus Cousins or Rajon Rondo though , as they both had great games .
Green finished with 15 points , 13 assists and 10 rebounds in the win .
In fact , their two losses came against the only two teams they 've played this season who are considered locks to make the playoffs ( Miami Heat , Toronto Raptors ) .
The Kings ' next game will be on the road against the Miami Heat on Thursday , while the Hawks will travel to Cleveland to play the Cavaliers on Saturday .
Over his last three games , he 's averaging 28 points and 8 assists , which included the triple - double he posted against Detroit on Friday .
Aaron Brooks was productive as a reserve as well with 11 points , three boards and two assists .
Jeremy Lin followed up with 18 points , to go along with five rebounds , three assists and two steals , in 27 minutes .
The Nuggets ( 39 - 42 ) just got knocked out of the playoffs in their most recent loss , but they 're still fighting hard to get closer to .500 .
The Trail_Blazers fell to 9 - 14 and currently reside in fourth place in the Western_Conference 's Northwest Division .
Atlanta will now get a night off before taking on the Miami Heat at home on Friday .
The Clippers have fallen into seventh place in the Western_Conference standings , and the absence of Griffin might put them in danger of getting booted from the playoffs .
John Henson had his best performance of the season Wednesday .
Young went only 4 - of - 15 from the field and 1 - of - 6 from deep to post 11 points .
It very well may have been a case of how many times each team got to the free - throw line , as Detroit took 36 free - throws compared to Phoenix 's 13 attempts .
Nikola Vucevic led the way for Orlando , as he collected 26 points and 13 rebounds .
Meanwhile , Okafor stepped up with 14 points , nine rebounds , an assist , two blocks and a steal .
The Knicks will finish their three - game road trip against the Thunder in Oklahoma_City on Friday .
Tony Allen ( knee ) missed his fifth consecutive game , but will look to return to the lineup this week .
It was only his sixth start of the season , but he was able to turn it into his fourth double - double of the year .
The Knicks also shot over 50 percent from the field and 56 percent from three - point range in their win .
He added six assists , three rebounds and a block .
Memphis will try to bounce back against the top team in the East , the Hawks , on Sunday , while the Timberwolves will head to the Palace_of_Auburn_Hills to take on the Pistons on Sunday .
The Jazz were in need of Favors to return to health , which helps stretch the depth of their squad .
The Knicks were down 62 - 31 at halftime and never had chance to come back .
Quincy Acy moved into the starting lineup at power forward , pushing Amar ' e Stoudemire to a bench role .
He sprained his ankle in Friday 's loss to the Cavaliers .
Otto Porter , Jr. provided 18 points , six rebounds , two steals , one assist and one block .
The Magic ( 23 - 40 ) have been in a rough stretch for seemingly months now and this tough loss only adds to those struggles .
Coming out of the All-Star break he 's looked very well rested , averaging 26 points , 8 rebounds and 7 assists over his last three games .
His total included seven made three - pointers , and his extended playing time came as a result of a rib contusion suffered by Taj Gibson after only 10 minutes on the court .
While no player on the Nuggets had more than 21 points , they had six players score at least 14 .
The one silver lining is that the Lakers starters will be well rested for their next game on Sunday against the Dallas Mavericks at home .
Over his last 10 games , Westbrook has averaged 33 points , 11 rebounds and 10 assists while shooting 42 percent from the field , as he pushes his name even further into MVP consideration .
The Raptors ' next game will be on the road in Atlanta against the Hawks on Wednesday , while the Suns will be at home against the Denver Nuggets on Wednesday .
Lowry was next with 20 points , seven assists and four rebounds .
San_Antonio has now beat Denver in six - straight meetings , as they continue to dominate the Nuggets .
The Heat also enjoyed bench production in droves , with sixth man Tyler Johnson coming away with a team - high 24 points off the bench .
Jared Dudley ( back ) and O.J .
Jared Dudley ( back ) and O.J .
The Heat will play next at home against the Houston Rockets on Tuesday , while the Raptors will go on the road to take on the Oklahoma_City Thunder on Tuesday .
He continues to be one of the Magic 's focal points in their offense , as he 's had at least 10 shot attempts in every game this season .
Matt Barnes also had a nice game , as he amassed 16 points , five rebounds and five assists .
Los_Angeles ( 42 - 29 ) has now won two games in a row after hitting a bit of a late - season slide after the All-Star break .
Howard rounded out his aforementioned stat line with two assists , three blocks and a steal .
Barea totaled 29 points , which he complemented with three rebounds and three assists .
DeAndre Jordan generated a modest six points but did haul in 14 rebounds , dish out three assists and record a steal .
The Trail_Blazers scored the final eight points to make the game appear closer than the final score .
But Gasol was just one of six Grizzlies - including all five starters - to score in double figures Monday night .
However , as usual , the Nets could n't hang on to the ball with any degree of consistency , significantly undermining their chances .
Detroit will take on the Brooklyn Nets on Sunday in their next scheduled game .
Philadelphia has been most effective at home , where they 've managed a 12 - 15 record .
Detroit improved to 21 - 16 but remains in fourth place in the Eastern_Conference 's Central Division .
However , Jerami Grant stepped in at power forward and acquitted himself well once again , while Carl Landry continued to provide some veteran leadership while manning the center position .
The Pacers now own two home victories against Cleveland this month , having beat them 103 - 99 back on Feb. 6 .
Timofey Mozgov played just 17 minutes , but scored 13 points , and J.R. Smith scored zero points in 18 minutes .
Point guard John Wall was crowned Eastern_Conference Player of the Week for the final week of 2016 , and continued his strong play in Houston .
Omri Casspi and Ben McLemore each scored 16 points in defeat and combined to shoot 10 - of - 21 from the field .
The season series is now 20 for Cleveland , despite being without Irving both times .
The Milwaukee Bucks won their first home game since Dec. 13 , going nearly a month between home victories .
Both teams return to action on Friday , as the Magic travel to Detroit to play the Pistons and the Heat host the Charlotte Hornets .
Giannis Antetokounmpo had one of his worst games of the season , collecting just nine points , three rebounds and three assists .
Julius Randle was the only starter to play well , as he totaled 13 points and 20 rebounds .
Detroit elicited 17 turnovers from the visitors , which led to 24 points .
LaMarcus Aldridge continued his fantastic form .
Since joining the Nuggets at the trade deadline , he 's averaged 14 points , 5 rebounds , 2 assists and 1 steals over 13 games .
Antetokounmpo finished with 22 points on super - efficient 11 - 13 shooting from the field .
James Johnson came off the bench to provide 10 points , six rebounds and five assists .
Tony Parker returned for the last two games but did not play Friday , and it 's unlcear whether he was simply being rested on the second game of a back - to - back set or if he aggravated his hamstring injury .
Luol Deng was the only other member of the Miami roster with double - digit scoring , totaling 11 points , four rebounds and two assists .
Wednesday night 's win was the second in a row for Washington , and their sixth over the last seven games .
George sat out all but six games last season with a broken leg , but is now putting up career numbers to start the year , averaging 24 points , 9 rebounds , 5 assists and 2 steals over 36 minutes per game .
Clint Capela finished second on the team , amassing 16 points and eight rebounds .
Both players shot 50 percent from the field , although the team shot 39 percent and a rough 18 percent with from 3 - point territory .
Jeremy Lin supplied 15 points , eight assists , four rebounds and two steals .
The turnovers really killed the Lakers , as they lost that battle , 14 - 7 .
The Thunder falls to 10 - 17 on the road after losing their second straight game , locking them into 10th place in the Western_Conference .
Although Wade did n't injure the same hamstring that sidelined him earlier this month , it was still severe enough to force him from the game .
The Suns also saw strong play from their bench , as guard Brandon Knight dropped 21 points and went 8 - of - 13 from the field .
Teammate Blake Griffin helped Paul convert some of those assists , shooting 14 - of - 21 from the field and finishing with 31 points in 38 minutes .
Center Al Jefferson has been sidelined with multiple knee injuries and a drug suspension , which has not helped Charlotte 's weak play in the paint .
Up next , the Raptors will travel to Miami Saturday to play the Heat , while the Magic will stay at home and take on the Knicks on Saturday .
The Rockets had an ugly shooting night , going 11 - of - 42 from distance and 39 percent overall .
The red - hot Raptors are on pace for the first 50 - win season in franchise history , now needing to go just 9 - 12 to round out the season to accomplish the feat .
The Wizards opened the game with an explosive 200 run in the first 4:9 of the game , but the Nets slowly crawled their way back , as they closed the gap to just 70 - 69 at halftime .
He recorded three rebounds and two assists as well in the 31 minutes of action he received .
Boston has dropped four straight and seven of their last eight games .
A cold shooting night from the rest of the starting five also hurt the Hawks .
Jrue Holiday was the only other Pelican to reach double figures in points , as he finished with 13 points ( 6 - 10 FG , 0 - 1 3Pt , 1 - 1 FT ) , seven assists and six rebounds .
Washington will be taking on the 5 - 1 Hawks in Atlanta .
Amar ’ e Stoudemire added 14 points in 21 minutes off the bench .
Ramon Sessions added 11 and starting point guard Darren Collison contributed six points , five rebounds , three assist and a pair of steals .
The Rockets ' next game will be on the road against the New_York Knicks on Thursday , while the Cavaliers will travel to Oakland to play the Golden_State Warriors on Friday .
Those two also went a combined 20 - for - 21 from the free - throw line and continue to carry this team .
Curry finished with 34 points , six rebounds and four assists on 8 - of - 13 shooting from behind the arc and did it all in just 28 minutes .
Damian Lillard shot 6 - 20 from the field , including 4 - 8 from distance , to finish with 20 points , along with five assists and two rebounds .
Indiana opened the game with a strong 33 - point first quarter , and then proceeded to outscore their visitors by a dominating 29 - 14 margin in the second .
Six bench players played at least 14 minutes for Los_Angeles , with no starter playing more than 21 minutes .
Ricky Rubio shot only 1 - of - 10 from the field , but managed to score a double - double with 11 points and 13 assists .
Despite being outrebounded 47 to 39 , the Bucks were able to force the Pacers into 19 turnovers , which allowed them to finish with the victory .
Myles Turner totaled 17 points , seven rebounds , two blocks and two steals .
Orlando ( 7 - 12 ) has made some adjustments to their rotation and the results have been mixed thus far .
DeMarcus Cousins and Darren Collison led the Kings with matching 26 - point efforts , with the former adding 16 boards , five assists and one block , and the latter dishing out five dimes , hauling in four boards and recording three steals .
Trevor Ariza collected 18 points , four rebounds and seven assists , while Patrick Beverley provided 15 points , seven rebounds and three assists of his own .
Toronto has won two straight and eight of their last nine games .
They 'll need him to continue playing like this with how thin they are at the shooting guard position right now .
It had been a rocky road for the 2015 third overall pick since over the last two weeks , with a knee injury costing him two games , and then having his minutes limited over the next three contests as he was eased back into action .
Chris Paul was next behind Crawford with 17 points , four assists , two rebounds , two steals and one block .
New_Orleans ( 12 - 21 ) has now won three of their last four , albeit against the Sixers , Heat and Mavericks .
Booker 's game - high 27 points led Phoenix .
Luol Deng was the only other starter in double figures , as he chipped in with 13 points ( 5 - 13 FG , 2 - 4 3Pt , 1 - 2 FT ) and four rebounds .
LaMarcus Aldridge scored 18 points in 35 minutes .
Len had sat out Phoenix 's previous three games leading up to the All-Star break with an ankle injury .
He finished with only six points , while also missing the game - winning three pointer .
After the break , Cleveland will embark upon a three - game road trip , tipping off first against the Washington Wizards on Friday , Feb. 20 .
Despite averaging 9 points on the season , he 's averaged 19 points over his last three games , while he 's shot 45 percent or higher from the three - point line in each of those outings .
Glenn Robinson III was right behind him , registering 11 points , four rebounds and only one steal in just eight minutes .
Miami had to use a patchwork lineup to get through Friday 's matchup , as the team seemed more focused on the second game of their back - to - back set Saturday when they 'll return home to host a Sacramento Kings team that will afford them a good chance to secure a win .
That means a matchup with the San Antonio Spurs is on the horizon for the playoffs .
The Spurs outrebounded the Nets by a 56 - 32 count .
The Grizzlies ( 22 - 16 ) have now dropped two games in two days on their road trip to Los_Angeles , as the team lost by double - digits to the Lakers on Tuesday .
It does n't get any easier for the Heat , as they play the Cleveland Cavaliers on the road for their next game .
It should not be considered a slump yet , as Wiggins has shot under 40 percent from the field just four times all season , but if Wiggins wants to prove he can be an All-Star in this league , he 'll have to prove he can be a model of consistency as well .
Andrea Bargnani made his season debut after being sidelined since training camp with a hamstring injury .
Ricky Rubio ( ankle ) , Thaddeus Young ( personal ) and Nikola Pekovic ( wrist ) were also out .
Five other players scored in double digits for the Hornets , including Frank Kaminsky III , who chipped in 16 points on 5 - of - 10 shooting , to go along with eight rebounds , three steals , one assist and one block , in 27 minutes .
D'Angelo Russell and Luol Deng posted matching 17 - point tallies , with the former adding 11 assists , seven rebounds , two steals and a block , and the latter hauling in six boards and posting a block .
Ryan Hollins has been filling in at center , but the Kings have mostly used a committee approach to replace Cousins , which has n't gotten the job done .
Jonas Valanciunas chipped in with 10 points , eight rebounds , one steal and one block .
Starting point guard Derrick Rose sat out with left knee tendinitis , and backup Kirk Hinrich managed just five points and four assists in 32 minutes .
With that said , those were his only two turnovers on the night while recording a 21 - point 10 - assist double - double .
Their record was 31 - 23 on Feb. 20 , but After going 1 - 6 over their last seven , they 're now 32 - 29 .
And while Jrue Holiday and Terrence Jones each had great nights themselves , scoring 23 and 21 points respectively , the other nine players who saw the floor for New_Orleans managed to score a total of just 32 points .
Shabazz Muhammad was huge off the bench , providing 20 points and six rebounds .
It was n't just the rebounding , as they also outscored Washington in the paint , 60 - 46 .
The Clippers were missing their starting back court as Chris Paul sat out with a sore right groin while J.J. Redick sat out with back spasms .
Darrell Arthur was forced to leave due to right posterior knee soreness , lasting seven minutes off the bench .
Kristaps Porzingis struggled in the outing , shooting just 5 - of - 17 from the field en route to scoring 11 points , and to make matters worse , he left the game early in the fourth quarter and did not return due to a thigh bruise .
Jrue Holiday was equally as valuable , amassing 16 points , seven rebounds and 14 assists .
The Knicks host the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 9 - 13 ) on Wednesday , while the Trail_Blazers will stay home against the New_Orleans Pelicans ( 6 - 17 ) on Monday .
Since the personnel shift , Randolph has tallied six double - digit scoring performances , while receiving a few extra minutes of valuable rest each night .
A 24 - 15 turnover margin really killed the Suns as well , with the Heat recording 13 steals .
The Latvian came off the bench to score 15 points in 29 minutes , but it was Carmelo Anthony that really kept the team in the team .
Trevor Ariza was the fourth Rocket starter in double - digits , as he added 19 points ( 5 - 8 3Pt , 4 - 4 FT ) and five assists .
He did commit seven turnovers , the only blemish on his otherwise stellar performance .
Both teams play on Friday , as the Blazers head to Dallas to take on the Mavericks while the New_Orleans Pelicans will welcome the Suns .
Lillard scored 36 to go with a team - high seven assists , while McCollum added four steals to his 31 points .
McCollum put on a show with 17 points and three steals in 27 minutes .
Hassan Whiteside was the player of the game though , accumulating 28 points , 16 rebounds and five blocks in the defeat .
Oklahoma_City has rattled off five wins in a row , and any concerns about the Thunder being at risk of missing the playoffs due to their slow start to the season have been erased .
Wilson Chandler added 21 points of his own , while Mason Plumlee added 19 points and 10 rebounds for a double - double .
Russ Smith also had a very surprising performance off the bench .
In total , the game featured an astounding 32 three - pointers , with the Pacers tallying 19 of those .
He had gone a combined 5 - for - 7 from the three - point line in the two previous games coming into Tuesday , but he could n't stay hot and really struggled with his shot in this one .
It was notably the point guard 's first double - double of January .
Dallas will host the Magic on Saturday , while Utah will host the Celtics .
The Timberwolves were led by Zach LaVine , who went for 28 points , three rebounds , an assist , two steals and a block .
The Hawks ' next game will be on the road against the Boston Celtics on Wednesday , while the Timberwolves will be at home against the Golden_State Warriors on Wednesday .
Toronto improved to 15 - 9 and remains in first place in the Eastern_Conference 's Atlantic Division .
Derrick Rose finished with 18 points , four rebounds and two assists .
Los_Angeles have won two straight games and are 6 - 3 since Blake Griffin started sitting out games following surgery to remove an infection in his elbow .
They moved to 10 - 2 at home and will head out to Minnesota to take - on the Timberwolves on Saturday , for their second game in as many nights .
This was a battle of current Eastern_Conference bottom feeders , as both teams came in looking for their first victory of the 2014 - 15 season .
The Cavaliers have a couple days off after Thursday 's marathon before returning to action Sunday in Orlando .
Sophomore point guard Jerian Grant , starting in place of an injured Rajon Rondo ( ankle ) , went just 2 - of - 10 from the field , and center Robin Lopez went a sub - par 5 - of - 16 .
They did most of their damage in the middle quarters , as they outscored the Bulls , 69 - 43 , in the second and third quarter .
Wednesday night was the James Harden Show .
Damian Lillard ( foot ) returned to the starting lineup after missing the last seven games .
Marc Gasol and Conley 's stand - in for the night , Mario Chalmers , posted a pair of 12 - point efforts .
The former added 12 assists and five rebounds , while the latter supplemented his points with a pair of rebounds and a pair of assists .
The Trail_Blazers now currently sit in the eight - seed in the Western_Conference and that 's quite the accomplishment considering the preseason expectations .
Myles Turner provided 15 points and eight rebounds .
Giannis Antetokounmpo was the player of the game , as he tallied 21 points , 10 rebounds , 10 assists , five teals and three blocks in an amazing performance .
With :32 remaining the in the fourth quarter , Julius Randle dunked home two points that brought the Lakers within two points of the leading Timberwolves , while Randle also rebounded the Metta-Wolrd Peace missed three and kicked it to D'Angelo Russell , who drained the game winning three - pointer with :2 left .
He too had six assists from the center position to go along with 14 points , seven rebounds and three blocks .
The reason for that were turnovers and offensive rebounding , as they won the turnover battle , 17 - 7 , and the offensive rebounding , 13 - 6 .
Sophomore center Nikola Jokic cleaned up , recording 17 points , eight rebounds , and eight assists .
Al-Farouq Aminu had a nice game off the bench .
Atlanta has won four straight games , and they 've been without starting small forward DeMarre Carroll ( groin ) for the last two games .
Phoenix held a 55 - 40 advantage on the boards and pulled down a whopping 20 offensive rebounds .
The Jazz remains in third place in the Western_Conference 's Northwest Division , and are three games behind the eighth - seeded Dallas Mavericks .
The Spurs are officially locked into the second seed going into the postseason .
Jamal Crawford also had a great game off the bench , as he contributed 18 points and seven assists as well .
Wroten finished with a double - double of 21 points and 10 assists in 33 minutes .
They also outrebounded the Sixers 52 - 39 and also outscored them in the paint 50 - 34 .
The bench made up for some of the shortfall with a combined 63 points .
Amare ' Stoudemire scored a team - high 20 points off the bench in 25 mintues .
The Chicago Bulls defeated the host Cleveland Cavaliers , 106 - 94 , at Quicken_Loans_Arena on Wednesday .
In addition to Westbrook 's big night , Serge Ibaka had a 20 - 20 outing with 21 points and 22 rebounds .
It was still a solid line for the guard , who now owns a season average of 16 points per game .
The five steals were a season - high , and the points were well above his season average of 13 points per game .
The Wizards will travel to Philadelphia to take on the 76ers on Friday , while the Timberwolves head to Chicago to take on the Derrick Rose-less Bulls .
The Heat will be off until Wednesday , when they host the struggling New_Orleans Pelicans for their next game .
Darren Collison was a distant second with 17 points , two assists and a block .
Darren Collison was a distant second with 17 points , two assists and a block .
He 's been dominant lately , averaging 25 points and 12 rebounds over his last four games .
Still without David West ( ankle ) and George Hill ( knee ) - and , of course , Paul George ( leg ) - the Pacers started a backcourt of Donald Sloan and Chris Copeland to go with Solomon Hill , Luis Scola and Roy Hibbert .
He scored 45 points and broke the NBA single - season record for three - pointers with 273 , a record he set two years ago in Portland .
They also dominated the Suns in the paint , outscoring them 74 - 42 inside .
The bench was good all - around , as they scored 53 points in the win .
Overall , the Pacers managed a 54 percent accuracy rate from the field , and drained 55 percent of their 11 three - point attempts .
New_Orleans has dropped two straight , and Anthony Davis has averaged just 14 field goal attempts over their last two games .
The assist margin really killed the Suns , as they committed 24 turnovers , while forcing just 15 from the Heat .
Even with the win , the Mavericks continue to sit comfortably in seventh place in the Western_Conference , and that is likely where they will be once the playoffs begin .
Mahinmi and Monta Ellis rounded out a strong night for Indiana 's starting five with 15 and 14 points , respectively .
Dwight Howard amassed 19 points , five rebounds and two assists on 9 - of - 12 shooting .
It was only the second time he 's reached the 20 - point mark all year , so that should only help his confidence .
Houston will host Golden_State on Saturday .
From then on , Sacramento was able to stave off any comeback and put away the contest .
Indiana 's struggles continued Monday as it lost its fifth straight game .
Wednesday , however , was not the team 's best night .
Canaan poured in 18 points in 22 minutes before injuring his ankle .
He 's had a nice stretch of four games , averaging 18 points and 7 rebounds over that span .
Chicago fell to 9 - 5 and currently resides in third place in the Eastern_Conference 's Central Division .
There 's been no team who has dealt with as many significant injuries as the Grizzlies , but they continue to get it done .
Chris Kaman missed the game with a shoulder injury .
Luc Richard Mbah_a_Moute sat out the game with a calf strain , giving Henry Sims an opportunity to crawl back into the starting lineup .
Brook Lopez 's 24 points led the Nets .
He 's averaging 14 points and 9 rebounds on the year .
Hassan Whiteside amassed 10 points , 15 rebounds and four blocks .
Dallas is idle Friday before returning home to host Portland .
It was a season - high in points for Bledsoe , who was also able to convert 6 - of - 8 attempts at the free throw line .
Tyreke Evans has been filling in at point guard for New_Orleans while Jrue Holiday ( ankle ) recovers from injury .
The Jazz 's next game will be at home against the Philadelphia 76ers on Saturday , while the Grizzlies will be at home against the Houston Rockets on Friday .
The Celtics ( 17 - 13 ) have been at their best on the road this season , carrying just a 6 - 5 home record into Friday night 's tilt .
Ryan Anderson was a distant second behind Harden with 17 points , while Clint Capela posted 12 .
They had just 13 assists and made only 30 baskets in a dreadful game .
Bench production was the difference for the Nets , as they won that battle , 46 - 5 .
In fact , no starter for Phoenix played more than 22 minutes , as the bench was the far superior unit .
The 76ers recorded just 20 assists to 16 turnovers and continue to boast one of the worst records in the NBA .
The Suns ' Alex Len got into a bit of a brouhaha with Heat center Hassan Whiteside .
Iman Shumpert added 19 points and seven assists for New_York , and Tim Hardaway , Jr. , who started at shooting guard , chipped in 15 points ( 5 - 12 FG ) .
Giannis Antetokounmpo followed up with 21 points , 10 rebounds and four assists , in 35 minutes .
Dion Waiters sat out Monday 's game against the New Orleans Pelicans with a back contusion , but he was able to return to action Friday .
The East remains tightly bunched , with the first and tenth seeds separated by less than three games .
The Wizards erased a 54 - 49 halftime deficit with a third - quarter rally that saw them outscore their visitors by a 38 - 23 margin .
Russell Westbrook would not be too far out - done and finished with 27 points of his own along with a generous 13 assists , six rebounds and five steals .
The Suns dropped their seventh game in eight tries in rather improbable fashion .
To top it off , veteran point guard Ricky Rubio scored 19 points while dishing out 15 assists .
Bryant 's return sent Metta World_Peace back to the bench , where he failed to score over 17 minutes of action .
The Nuggets offensive woes returned as they failed to score 90 points for the second time in three games .
Minnesota has lost three straight games , but they did some things particulary well in Tuesday 's loss .
He 's really dialed in his shot recently , shooting over 45 percent from the field over his last three games .
Up next for the Clippers is a rivalry match against the Golden_State Warriors on Wednesday , so the tough times look likely to continue .
Kings coach George Karl opted to give Rajon Rondo another night off to rest , bringing Darren Collison into the starting lineup .
Durant did not look fully healthy as his ankle appeared to be bothering him .
The Heat equaled their 2014 - 15 win total with the victory , while Philadelphia still has only a pair of triumphs over Eastern_Conference rivals this season .
The Jazz shot only 43 percent from the field and 31 percent from long range and we out - scored by 12 in the paint .
The Rockets ' next game will be at home against the Cleveland Cavaliers on Sunday , while the Nets will travel to Dallas to play the Mavericks on Saturday .
Julius Randle totaled a modest six points but he also hauled in 12 rebounds and dished out four dimes .
Meanwhile , Khris Middleton chipped in 18 points , five rebounds , five steals and three assists , in 40 minutes .
Ramon Sessions and Otto Porter got the most time off the bench , playing 27 and 28 minutes respectively and combining for 15 points , 12 rebounds , and seven assists .
Jeff Green came off the bench for Memphis and scored 15 points on 5 - of - 11 shooting in 27 minutes .
Bradley Beal continued to come off the bench after coming back from injury , and scored 13 points in 34 minutes .
LeBron James of the Cavaliers ( 28 - 9 ) came into Salt_Lake_City on Tuesday having not won there since 2010 .
Eight players scored in double - digits for Orlando in what was an absolutely crushing win .
Mike Muscala paced the second unit with 13 points , three boards , two assists and a block .
The Warriors ' next game will be on the road against the Miami Heat on Tuesday , while the Thunder will be at home against the Utah Jazz on Wednesday .
Brandon Ingram drew the start at small forward and finished with 11 points on 3 - of - 6 shooting .
The third - year pro managed 14 points , three rebounds and an assist .
Philadelphia heads back home to face off with the defending champion Cavaliers on Saturday night , while the Hornets head up north to Brooklyn to tangle with the Nets on Friday evening .
The Wolves have dropped nine of their last 10 games , and are now sitting on a five - game losing streak .
Over his last four games , he 's converted at least three three - pointers in each contest .
He 's been out since Dec. 22 with a back injury .
Doug McDermott and Nikola Mirotic came off the bench to combine for 33 points and 10 rebounds .
In the fourth , the Clippers outscored the Trail_Blazers 41 - 30 .
The starters were the difference , as Dallas ' starters scored 81 points to Orlando 's 45 .
They 'll look to keep up their good play against the Minnesota Timberwolves on Sunday in their next game .
The Timberwolves ( 23 - 35 ) continue to battle for a playoff berth and wins like this over teams who are ahead of them are imperative for that pursuit .
The Mavs shot a poor 8 - 29 from deep , which can be seen as the difference in this one .
The Spurs ' next game will be on the road against the Oklahoma_City Thunder on Tuesday , while the Warriors will travel to New_Orleans to play the Pelicans on Tuesday .
The other two players to achieve such a feat since then were Shaquille O'Neal and Chris Webber .
The double - double is Favors ' first over his last six games .
Cody Zeller was unable to play again on Monday with a shoulder injury , he 's missed nine of the last ten games , including five straight .
DeMar DeRozan , meanwhile , scored 24 and recorded four steals on the defensive end .
The Spurs will visit Dallas on Wednesday , while the Magic will see Memphis on Thursday .
Rodney Hood accrued 19 points and six rebounds .
Jonas Valanciunas posted a 12 - point , 12 - rebound double - double , and recorded three blocks .
Bradley Beal checked in with 14 points , eight assists , two rebounds and a steal .
The Clippers have now won 12 of their last 14 contests , and are quickly gaining ground in a competetive Western_Conference .
Rodney Hood contributed 18 points and two assists in the backcourt , while newcomer Shelvin Mack added 16 points and six assists in 24 minutes off the bench .
The Bulls have six games remaining , while the Pistons have five , as the battle for the last three spots in the East remains a close one .
He 'd been struggling with his shot lately , as he failed to reach double - digit points in four straight games prior to Monday .
Nikola Vucevic came off the bench to provide 10 points and nine rebounds .
The Timberwolves will look to keep rolling , as they play host to the Magic on Monday .
The Warriors will host the Utah Jazz for their next game on Monday .
Thaddeus Young finished with 16 points and four rebounds on 7 - of - 9 shooting .
Jonas Valanciunas only posted five points but did haul in 11 boards , while Ross added four rebounds and a steal to his bench - leading point haul .
Ben McLemore went 6 - for - 11 from the field and 3 - for - 6 from the three - point line to score 17 points , while also adding five rebounds .
Chris Paul recorded a triple - double , tallying 26 points , 10 rebounds and 13 assists .
He 's been very impressive on the defensive side of the ball lately , finishing with two or more steals in each of his last six games .
Khris Middleton and Greg Monroe were huge off the bench , as they combined for 45 points , 11 rebounds and 10 assists .
Next up for Houston is a dance in New_York with the Knicks on Sunday .
Aaron Gordon led Orlando with 20 points and five rebounds .
Blake Griffin also continues to be solid since returning from his extended absence due to an elbow injury .
Dallas , meanwhile , had a much less impressive night on offense .
Adams had 20 points , 11 rebounds , and four blocks , while Kanter had 17 points and 10 rebounds off the bench .
He has been on fire offensively of late , so we 'll see if he can continue with that type of production .
He added four rebounds and a pair of assists .
Miami rattled off victories in 14 of 16 games leading into the All-Star break , and have now begun the second half with two straight wins .
McCollum and Maurice Harkless , in addition to the three bench players : Meyers Leonard , Evan Turner and Allen Crabbe .
Augustin in assists ( 10 ) , Andre Drummond in rebounds ( 15 ) and blocks ( 3 ) , Jodie Meeks in steals ( 6 ) , and Kyle Singler in points ( 20 ) .
Paul George led Indiana with 22 points in the contest , while Myles Turners and C.J .
Oklahoma_City absorbed Phoenix 's early haymakers and responded with some big runs of their own .
As for the starters , we saw Kevin Garnett play only 13 minutes , scoring just four points ( 2 - 5 FG ) with four rebounds and one assist .
Avery Bradley supplied 18 points , five rebounds and two assists .
Turnovers are what really hurt the Magic , as they committed 18 , while forcing just 10 from the Grizzlies .
Ben McLemore has struggled for much of the year but played well Wednesday .
The Knicks also shot 51 percent from the field , while holding the Timberwolves to 43 percent shooting .
Portland has won three straight games .
It was his second game in a row without being a part of the starting lineup , as Ryan Kelly has been replacing him as the starting forward .
The Pistons finish a back - to - back Wednesday against the Magic in Orlando .
With 1:44 left in the fourth quarter , Julius Randle tied the game up at 97 points apiece , but Davis and Jrue Holiday responded with scoring possessions to topple the Lakers at home .
The hometown Blazers crowd was ecstatic to have their all star point guard back , but it looks like Lillard will need another game or two to shake the cobwebs off .
The home squad also managed 51 percent accuracy from the field overall and 42 percent from three - point range , while the Lakers posted respective 44 and 46 percent tallies in those categories .
The Grizzlies will be in Dallas on Friday .
James went 8 - for - 18 from the field and 3 - for - 5 from beyond the arc for 31 points , while adding four assists as well .
Al Horford registered 17 points , eight assists , five rebounds , two blocks and a steal .
Their effort helped overcome that of Milwaukee 's Giannis Antetokunmpo , ( 28 points , 13 rebounds and seven assists ) .
Monta Ellis led the way for Indiana with 21 points , which he supplemented with four rebounds , three assists , two steals and a block .
He did have another majestic game though , as he amassed 34 points , seven assists , seven rebounds and four steals in the loss .
With the win , the Warriors extended their Western_Conference lead to seven and a half games over the Memphis Grizzlies , while the Wizards sit in the fifth projected playoff seed in the East , five and a half games ahead of the Milwaukee Bucks .
The Trail_Blazers have now dropped four of their last five games .
However , a run in the third quarter from the Mavericks ( 22 - 32 ) brought them to within one and made it a game .
It was his second double - double in the last three games , as he continues to excel as a member of the starting lineup .
Harden has seen his assist numbers skyrocket since the arrival of new head coach Mike D'Antoni , and the trend continued on Sunday .
Minnesota plays next on the road Friday in Denver .
Aaron Brooks led the bench with 18 points , while C.J .
The Raptors will head to Dallas to face the Mavericks on Tuesday .
The Denver Nuggets will host the Jazz on Friday , and the Trail_Blazers will head to Phoenix to take on the Suns .
He 's really struggled with his shot this season , so it was good to see him turn it around Wednesday .
These two teams have a rematch for their next game as they play in Philly on Friday .
They also got some nice contributions off the bench , as all five players off the bench had at least five points and two rebounds .
Iman Shumpert and Matthew Dellavedova had the biggest games off the bench .
Dallas ( 20 - 32 ) has now hit a two - game speed bump after winning six of its previous seven heading into the week .
Giannis Antetokounmpo put in a valiant effort , accumulating 33 points , 12 rebounds and five steals to lead Milwaukee in the defeat .
They 've won nine of their last 11 games .
The Nets saw solid outings from veterans Joe Johnson ( 22 points , two steals ) and Brook Lopez ( 23 points , 10 rebounds , four blocks ) , but saw few contributions off the bench .
However , the 27 - year - old point guard had slowly begun crawling his way back to prominence over the four games prior to Monday , averaging a solid 16 points per contest during that span .
Marvin Williams finished the game with 10 points and 13 rebounds of his own .
The Nets ' next game will be at home against the New_York Knicks on Friday , while the Raptors will be at home against the Los_Angeles Clippers on Friday .
The Sixers ( 28 - 50 ) checked into Tuesday having lost three straight games and hoping that a return to their home court would prove to be the cure for what ailed them .
The Sixers usually lose games early , but when it 's close at the end , they do n't know how to finish games either .
Up next , the Raptors will hit the road once again on Friday to play the Hornets , while the Thunder will stay home to take on the Clippers on Friday .
The Mavericks pushed ahead by as many as 27 points , leading 66 - 41 at halftime .
They 're back home on Wednesday to take on the Pistons .
The Celtics came into this matchup dealing with an important injury of their own , as Marcus Smart was held out with a sprained left big toe .
Memphis will return to action on Saturday , when they host the Minnesota Timberwolves for their next game .
This was a wire - to - wire win for the Grizzlies ( 33 - 22 ) , as they have now won three straight games and six of their last seven .
There must 've been something in the air , because there were multiple players who left the game with ailments .
Portland lost five of their final six games at the end of January , but their recent play has assuaged most concerns about that rough stretch .
Davis has now scored at least 30 points in three out of the last four games and has recorded fifteen double - doubles on the season .
Given their respective recent performances , Lee may soon find himself back in the starting rotation in Johnson ’ s stead .
DeAndreJordan added his own double - double with 14 points ( despite shooting just 6 - 23 at the free throw line ) and 10 rebounds .
Much of the offense was run through Julius Randle , as he accumulated eight points , 11 rebounds , eight assists , two steals and two blocks in the victory .
Derrick Williams added nine points , and Darren Collison chipped in 15 points .
Golden_State were efficient on their end , as they shot 51 percent from the field and recorded 31 assists to just 12 turnovers .
Gordon Hayward had the biggest day for the Jazz .
Denver improved their record to 5 - 4 and are currently in second place in the Pacific Division 's Northwest Division .
The point guard added five rebounds and six assists .
In the first of four games in their season series , the Toronto Raptors ( 30 ) remained undefeated against the Milwaukee Bucks ( 0 - 3 ) at home .
Bradley scored 25 points , had 10 rebounds , and passed for six assists .
Pau Gasol grabbed 10 rebounds , but only added three points and two assists , in 27 minutes .
He pushed his averages to 9 points , 3 rebounds and 1 assists per game on the season .
The Warriors will host the Trail_Blazers on Saturday , while the Knicks will visit Denver to take on the Nuggets .
The Atlanta Hawks defeated the Miami Heat , 93 - 90 , at American_Airlines_Arena on Tuesday .
Trevor Ariza followed with 13 points , two assists , a rebound and three steals .
Up next for the Thunder , they will stay at home to take on the Nets on Friday , while the Rockets will head home on Thursday to play the Trail_Blazers .
Also recording eight assists was bench guard Marcus Smart , who scored 13 but shot just 3 - of - 13 from the field .
It certainly did n't help that Paul George exited the game with a left calf injury , after playing 15 minutes .
Center Rudy Gobert , meanwhile , had a team - high 11 rebounds as well as two blocks .
Five different bench players played at least 10 minutes and no starter logged more than 30 minutes on the floor .
They missed all 12 of their three - point attempts in this game , but the inside work of DeMarcus Cousins , Rudy and Darren Collison was enough to carry the team .
Trade deadline acquisition D.J .
Nene Hilario was next in line with an outstanding all - around performance , posting 16 points , six rebounds , an assist and five steals .
The Suns will travel to Memphis on Sunday , while the Magic will take on the league - best Warriors in Oakland on Monday .
Stephen Curry was second on the team , as he finished with 25 points , three rebounds and eight assists .
Hassan Whiteside recorded another double - double , dropping 14 points and 15 rebounds .
Carter-Williams is now tied with Rajon Rondo for the league lead in triple - doubles .
Memphis also out - rebounded the Celtics 50 - 38 .
They 're home again on Friday to face off with the Miami Heat .
Myles Turner amassed six points , 11 rebounds , two assists , two steals and three blocks .
It was an off night for the team as a whole , as Houston hit just 58 percent of its free - throw attempts .
Seven of the Thunder ’ s next eight games will be played away from Chesapeake_Energy_Arena .
Pau Gasol was second on the squad with 15 points and six boards .
Davis is averaging 25 points , 10 rebounds , 3 blocks and 3 steals in 40 minutes per game since returning , and the Pelicans are 20 in that span .
For the Suns ( 16 - 37 ) , their struggles continued , as Wednesday 's loss was their third in a row and eighth in the last nine games .
Indiana has dropped three straight games , losing to the Sixers , Timbwerolves and Pistons .
He posted 21 points , but also set up his teammates with scoring opportunities of their own by dishing out nine assists .
Rodney McGruder and Josh McRoberts were only able to muster a pair of six - point efforts , with the former filling out the stat sheet with eight rebounds , five assists and two steals , and the latter registering four boards and four assists .
The All-Star missed the 2014 - 15 season with a fractured leg , but has n't skipped a beat in his return , averaging 23 points , 9 rebounds , and 5 assists per game through seven games so far this season .
Lillard shot 12 - of - 27 on the night .
Hassan Whiteside double - doubled , with 12 points and 14 rebounds , to go along with four blocks , in 33 minutes , while Tyler Johnson added 16 points on 6 - of - 12 shooting , in 27 minutes off the bench .
Anderson Varejao paced the Cleveland bench with eight points and six rebounds .
Warren finished with 20 points on 10 - of - 18 from the field , also recording four steals .
Both Manu Ginobili and Marco Belinelli reached double - digit points off the bench , with 13 and 10 points respectively .
Rookie Emmanuel Mudiay continued his impressive season , as he tallied 20 points , six rebounds and five assists .
Chris Paul , who also missed two games last week due to a rib injury , returned to action Monday , but looked like the best point guard in the league against Milwaukee .
The former complemented his scoring with three rebounds , while the latter added three boards , an assist and a steal .
The only other Thunder player to reach double figures in points was Nick Collison , who came off the bench to score 10 points in 16 minutes .
Matt Barnes ( 20 points ) and Darren Collison ( 16 points ) were also productive , while Anthony Tolliver registered 16 points off the bench .
In their final games of the season on Wednesday , the Jazz will host the Spurs , while the Warriors will host the Lakers .
In this game , he scored 23 points and dished out six assists .
Brook Lopez 's 28 points led the Nets .
Taj Gibson ( ankle ) also missed the game for the Bulls .
Up next , the Jazz will travel to Dallas to go up against the Mavericks Friday , while the Raptors will head to Los_Angeles Friday and play the Lakers .
Granger finished with three points in 20 minutes of action .
Horford finished with 15 points , seven rebounds , five assists , three steals , and two blocks .
The Raps are tied with Washington for third in the East and trail Boston by three games for the second seed .
He 's had a nice impact on the defensive side of the ball lately as well , recording two or more steals in four out of his last five games .
Memphis won the game at the foul line , going to the charity stripe 37 times to convert 28 of their free points .
For the Magic ( 18 - 29 ) , Tuesday 's loss was their second in a row and their fifth in their last six games .
The Hornets ( 25 - 33 ) have been playing without the services of starting center Cody Zeller since late January due to his calf injury , but his absence has come with a silver lining .
Up next , the Bucks will travel to Philadelphia Monday to take on the 76ers , while the Nets head home to Chicago Monday to play the Bulls with their playoff hopes in the balance .
Denver will look to keep this momentum going against the Utah Jazz ( 2 - 1 ) on Thursday .
New_York is also off until Monday , when they welcome the Pelicans to Madison_Square_Garden .
Wall was the only one of Washington 's starters to reach double - digits , but Bradley Beal scored 18 points in 29 minutes off the bench , and Nene dropped an efficient 12 points and seven rebounds in just 19 minutes .
After missing five games in a row with a shoulder injury , the Pelicans are loving what they 're seeing from their superstar , as he 's averaged 30 points , 12 rebounds and 5 blocks in the three games since his return .
Malcolm Brogdon posted 11 points , five boards , three assists , one steal and one block .
Detroit ( 16 - 21 ) are now just 3 - 8 across their last 11 games and fourth quarter collapses like this are par for the course right now .
Darren Collison also had a solid all - around game .
The Hornets ' prized offseason acquisition , Nicolas Batum , left Wednesday night 's contest versus the Magic with an illness .
The starters just did n't get enough help from the bench in this one , as even the highly consistent Ryan Anderson finished with only four points ( 1 - 8 FG , 0 - 6 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) in 28 minutes .
The Cleveland Cavaliers defeated the Brooklyn Nets , 124 - 116 , at Quicken_Loans_Arena on Friday .
The Clippers have now won four in a row in Blake Griffin 's absence .
Jefferson 's replacement , Bismack Biyombo , was held scoreless in 17 minutes .
The win streak is now up to four in a row for Toronto , and they 'll look to keep it going against the Detroit Pistons on Friday night .
Los_Angeles will host the Dallas Mavericks ( 25 - 20 ) on Monday .
The Rockets will get Saturday off , and they head to Oklahoma_City to take on the Thunder on Sunday .
Aminu ’ s career high 11 points per game and 7 rebounds per game are proving to be a strong signing for Portland .
2016 's fifth overall pick Kris Dunn did dish out nine assists , but recorded four turnovers and just three points while shooting 1 - of - 6 .
The visiting Golden_State Warriors defeated the Indiana Pacers , 120 - 83 , at Bankers_Life_Fieldhouse on Monday .
Matt Barnes hit five three - pointers as he scored a team - high 25 points ( 9 - 14 FG ) for the Grizzlies .
Leonard was right behind him with 22 points , five rebounds , one assist , two steals and one block .
Myles Turner played a complementary role on the night , registering 11 points , four rebounds , one assist and three blocks .
McCollum pitched in with 20 points , six assists and three rebounds , while Al-Farouq Aminu ( 16 points , four rebounds , two assists , three steals ) and Miles Plumlee ( 11 points , seven rebounds , two assists ) were the other two members of the starting five with notable contributions .
Eric Gordon hit three three - pointers off the bench and now ranks just one three - pointer made behind Steph Curry for the league lead .
Alexis Ajinca played well off the bench , with 10 points and nine rebounds .
The Suns start a four - game road trip against the Miami Heat on Monday .
After struggling through the month of February , Parker is clearly back on the right track , as he 's averaging 25 points and 5 assists in four games since the start of March .
But the Suns offense could n't maintain the pace , as they could n't reach 20 points in any of the final three quarters .
Luckily for them , he 's due back soon and could play as early as Sunday .
Willie Cauley-Stein totaled 13 points and three rebounds in a reserve role as well .
Willie Cauley-Stein totaled 13 points and three rebounds in a reserve role as well .
Allen Crabbe and Al-Farouq Aminu were effective off the bench , which the Blazers ran eight players deep .
Minnesota lost Ricky Rubio to an ankle injury , which they 're awaiting MRI results on .
Next up for Minnesota is a game Wednesday at home versus Atlanta .
Detroit will return to action on Tuesday in a home matchup against the Indiana Pacers .
Tyler Johnson was the only bench player to score more than two points , as he chipped in 12 in 30 minutes of play .
The Magic ( 24 - 42 ) are now just 1 - 3 across their last four games , with this loss being one of the worst of the season .
The Spurs ' next game will be at home against the Oklahoma_City Thunder on Thursday , while the Clippers will travel to Atlanta to play the Hawks on Tuesday .
Dallas has won two straight and eight of their last ten games .
On Thursday , rookie Joel Embiid sat out for rest , leaving Philadelphia with little in the way of offensive firepower .
Thompson shot 8 - for - 16 from the field and 4 - for - 8 from beyond the arc to post 20 points of his own , while also adding five assists .
The duo posted 25 and 23 respectively , with George also snatching 11 rebounds on the night .
Myles Turner collected 20 points , four rebounds , two steals and four blocks .
Jon Leuer finished with 16 points and six rebounds , while Marcus Morris amassed 13 points and six rebounds of his own .
They got out to a scorching start , as they led 30 - 16 after the first quarter .
Phoenix has a decent chance to snap this slide in their next game , as they take on the Brooklyn Nets on Thursday .
Both of these should be very good games and will be an exhibition of the deep West .
The Spurs ( 30 - 7 ) have now won 12 of their last 14 games , as they continue to thrive at home .
Kemba Walker and Nicolas Batum chimed in with matching 16 - point efforts , with the former adding six assists and four rebounds , and the latter hauling in nine boards , six assists and four steals .
Tobias Harris followed KCP 's output with 18 points , seven boards , two assists and two blocks .
Nicolas Batum , Kemba Walker and Cody Zeller ripped off a trio of 20 - point efforts to spearhead the win , which helped overcome a collective 41 percent field - goal percentage .
The Lakers shot 48 percent from the field and 43 percent from deep , while they dished 30 assists .
The Sixers ' biggest contributor came from their bench Monday .
Matt Barnes sat out their last two games with calf soreness , but he was back in the starting lineup at small forward Friday .
Miles was next with 15 points , while Monta Ellis led the bench with 12 in 14 minutes .
No other starter tallied double - digit scoring , but Hilario did match his eight points with eight boards , and added two assists , a steal and a block .
The Sixers will attempt to pick up their first win of the season Monday against the Cleveland Cavaliers .
He led the Pelicans with 14 points and 10 assists to go along with eight rebounds .
The New_Orleans Pelicans ( 10 ) defeated the Orlando Magic ( 0 - 1 ) in convincing fashion 101 - 84 at the Smoothie_King_Center Tuesday in New_Orleans .
Raymond Felton drew another start in Paul 's place and supplied eight points , 10 rebounds , six assists , two steals and two blocks .
The Trail_Blazers outscored the Suns 37 - 16 in the third to put the result beyond all doubt .
Brooklyn continues to sputter along .
The Raptors finish their campaign Wednesday in Brooklyn .
He put up 14 points and five rebounds in 20 minutes off the bench .
Despite missing games , he picked up right where he left off and scored at least 23 points for the sixth straight game .
The Miami Heat defeated the Philadelphia 76ers , 125 - 102 , at American_Airlines_Arena on Saturday .
For Portland ( 7 - 5 ) , it was an uncharacteristically cold shooting night .
Nikola Vucevic was a bright spot for Orlando , as he tallied 14 points , 10 rebounds and two assists .
As the Pacers return to Indiana for Tuesday 's tilt against the Atlanta Hawks , George Hill will attempt to return from a six - game absence due to a sore left groin .
Damian Lillard aggravated the plantar fasciitis he 's been dealing with in his left foot , while C.J .
The Thunder come into Orlando Friday night where the Magic will try and get their first win of the season .
The forward managed 18 points , four rebounds , two assists and a steal .
The Bucks host the Timberwolves on Friday .
Lopez contributed 11 points and a team - high 15 rebounds in 27 minutes .
He finished the year with 2 blocks per game , third best among qualifiers .
Alex Len added four points and 12 rebounds , and Goran Dragic finished with 17 points .
Rudy Gay is usually asked to step up in these circumstances , but he had one of the worst games of his career .
Oklahoma_City could n't close out Chicago as it allowed a sizeable fourth - quarter lead slip away .
Jordan finished with 15 points and 22 rebounds and has now had at least 10 rebounds in fourteen out of his last fifteen games .
Zach LaVine 's game - high 28 points paced the Timberwolves .
Terrence Jones chipped in 17 points and nine rebounds .
Corey Brewer and Marcus Thornton were the principal beneficiaries of Ariza 's absence , totaling 34 and 26 minutes off the bench , respectively .
Joffrey Lauvergne posted 17 points and seven rebounds in his spot start for Robin Lopez ( suspension ) , while Nikola Mirotic tallied a game - high 28 points .
That 's when the Trail_Blazers caught fire and outscored the Thunder 31 to 12 to close out the game .
Both Jimmy Butler and Derrick Rose did everything they could to keep the Bulls in this game .
Los_Angeles has now dropped seven of its last nine games , with the two wins coming over Philadelphia and Minnesota .
He is averaging 19 points , 14 rebounds and 3 assists in 35 minutes since missing nine contests with a knee injury .
Rudy Gay and Darren Collison got in on the fun as well .
The Sixers head back home to tangle with the Atlanta Hawks on Wednesday evening , while the Nets head to Motown to do battle with the Detroit Pistons on Thursday night .
For the Knicks , rookie Jerian Grant took the reigns as a starter and rolled with them , scoring 14 points and dishing out four assists while commiting just two turnovers .
The Warriors improved to 60 and remain atop the Western_Conference ’ s Pacific Division and the conference overall .
The rebounds and steals were both season - highs for the guard , who could move back into the starting lineup as early as Friday .
Atlanta , meanwhile , has sought to separate itself from the middle of the Eastern_Conference and hold on to the three seed heading into the playoffs .
The other four starters combined for just 20 points on 6 - of - 25 from the field .
Wayne Ellington was really the only one to provide any , going 3 - for - 4 from the field and 2 - for - 2 from the three - point line to score 12 points in 18 minutes .
Bledsoe added nine assists and three steals in what was an impressive all - around performance .
With the victory , Cleveland remains atop the Eastern_Conference 's Central Division .
Trevor Booker poured in 19 points and added eight rebounds , four assists and a block .
The team committed four more turnovers and 15 more personal fouls than its opponent , a slate of errors that ultimately cost them the win .
Leandro Barbosa was given the second straight night off as he deals with an Achilles issue .
Kemba Walker has been playing at an all - time level recently though , but he ca n't do it all himself .
Leading scorer Markieff Morris finished with 13 on 6 - of - 12 shooting .
Jameer Nelson did n't play much off the bench , logging just 13 minutes , but scored 13 points on 5 - of - 7 shooting in that time .
The host Chicago Bulls took down the visiting Charlotte Hornets on Monday , 118 - 111 .
Dallas ended the game on a 28 - 7 run .
Bismack Biyombo recorded a double - double off the bench , accruing 13 points , 10 rebounds and three blocks in the win .
Kemba Walker contributed 30 points , seven rebounds , six assists , two steals , one block , and four three - pointers in 39 minutes without the services of Al Jefferson ( groin ) and Lance Stephenson ( pelvis ) .
Alec Burks was the fourth Jazz starter to reach double - digit scoring , as he had 11 points of his own .
San_Antonio sits at the seven spot in the Western_Conference and has a three - game lead on the Oklahoma City Thunder , the next best team .
The win snapped a three - game skid .
Julius Randle turned in another double - double with 20 points and 10 rebounds , which helped the struggling back court for Los_Angeles .
The seventh - year guard out of Indiana is now averaging 19 points , 3 rebounds and 3 assists on the season .
And while Rubio did an adequate job of getting his teammates involved , he struggled to get himself involved , scoring just five points on 2 - of - 8 shooting from the field .
Lee finished with 16 rebounds on the night .
Lopsided games are n't shocking in Memphis , but they are when it 's the road team doing the damage .
Superstar point guard Chris Paul returned to action on Friday after missing time with a hamstring injury .
The Lakers ( 12 - 23 ) have had injury issues of their own , but were close to full health on Tuesday .
They 'd lost four of their five games coming out of the All-Star break and had surrendered over 120 points in three of those contests .
Jodie Meeks chipped in 15 points on 6 - of - 12 shooting , in 21 minutes off the bench .
The Warriors will return home to host the Minnesota Timberwolves on Saturday .
Jimmy Butler ( elbow ) is practicing and is set to return soon , while Derrick Rose ( knee ) remains out but is on schedule in his recovery .
Leonard finished with 13 points and four rebounds in 32 minutes .
Al Horford registered 12 points , seven rebounds , six assists , two blocks and one steal .
Allen Crabbe contributed 18 points , while Mason Plumlee added 16 points , 10 rebounds , four assists and three steals across 33 minutes .
The performance was an extension of a resurgent stretch by the veteran forward , one in which he 's posted double - digit scoring efforts in nine of 10 games and multiple blocks in seven of his last nine .
By the final horn , the Bulls had accumulated a whopping 12 blocks , 10 steals , and 30 free - throw attempts , of which they knocked down 27 .
He had n't scored over 14 points in each of his last six games , so it was good to see him get some more points on the board .
The Thunder holds a two and a half game lead over the New Pelicans for the eighth seed in the Western_Conference .
Kyle Korver also had his shot dialed in , going 7 - for - 9 from the field and 6 - for - 8 from the three - point line to score 20 points in 31 minutes .
Jonas Valanciunas registered an 11 - point , 13 - rebound double - double .
Myles Turner totaled 15 points , eight rebounds , four assists and two blocks .
They also forced 17 turnovers , won the rebounding battle by a 51 - 40 margin , saw their bench combine for 42 points , and jumped out to a 46 - 26 lead halftime lead , giving them a definitive advantage they would n't relinquish .
The Nets used strong second and third quarters where they combined to out - score the Bulls 60 - 38 to seal the victory on the road .
He 's been hitting his three - point shot at a very high rate recently , going a combined 9 - of - 15 from deep over his previous three outings .
This was a refreshing effort for Payton , who had struggled in his previous two contests after returning from injury .
point guard Spencer Dinwiddie missed his fourth straight game due to a knee injury .
Courtney Lee checked in with 11 points , three assists , two rebounds , a steal and a block .
Sacramento committed 34 fouls in the defeat , as a number of their regulars were in foul trouble all game long .
Marcus Smart and Evan turner combined for only nine points on 3 - of - 12 shooting but contributed a cumulative 14 assists and 15 rebounds with four turnovers .
Dallas will look to keep rolling on Wednesday , when they host the New_York Knicks for their next game .
Karl-Anthony Towns and Zach LaVine had 21 and 17 points , respectively , but no other members of the starting five tallied double - digit scoring .
Enes Kanter led the bench with 17 points and five rebounds , while Alex Abrines provided 13 points , three rebounds , three assists and two steals of his own off the bench .
The Washington Wizards defeated the Boston Celtics , 118 - 93 , at Verizon_Center on Wednesday .
To put the icing on the cake , the Wizards also secured a 53 - 33 rebounding advantage .
Judging by the crowd 's reaction , they had n't forgot about it either .
The Pacers will look to rebound on Monday , when they host the Orlando Magic for their next game .
Joakim Noah also struggled , scoring only one point in 27 minutes .
Despite their performances , the two still shot rather poorly , going a combined 11 - of - 31 from the field .
The Cleveland Cavaliers defeated the host Washington Wizards in overtime , 140 - 135 , at Verizon_Center on Monday .
Dorian Finney-Smith finished with six points , 11 rebounds and three assists .
Center Rudy Gobert had 10 rebounds and three blocks despite recording just six points .
The Bulls ' loss came just one night after they rose to the top of the Eastern_Conference .
On the other hand , after a hot start to the new year , the 76ers ( 18 - 33 ) are slowing down once again , as they have now lost six of their last seven games following Monday 's result , and it appears as though the absence of Joel Embiid ( knee ) has finally caught up to them .
The Clippers , after getting off to a rocky start , have now won seven of their last nine games , and are quickly establishing position in the Western_Conference playoff picture .
Without Dwight Howard , who sat out with a knee injury , the Rockets did n't have their usual presence inside the lane , and were out - rebounded 47 - 38 .
Minnesota has lost ten straight games , but No . 1 pick Andrew Wiggins has started to show some exciting improvements .
Rebounding was the big difference in the game , with Orlando snatching down 50 boards to Dallas ' 34 .
The Knicks head back home to await the Toronto Raptors on Sunday afternoon , while the Grizzlies remain home to face the Detroit Pistons on Sunday evening .
Zach LaVine got the start for Rubio and tallied 20 points , eight assists and five rebounds in the loss .
Rookie Stanley Johnson posted a modest eight points , four rebounds , an assist , a pair of steals and a block in a start in Marcus Morris ' ( knee ) stead .
The Boston Celtics defeated the Chicago Bulls , 100 - 80 , at TD Center on Sunday evening .
Derrick Rose dropped 20 points to go along with his three steals .
The other four starters combined for just 20 points on 6 - of - 25 shooting .
Tyler Zeller had 16 points ( 7 - 12 FG ) and five rebounds in 21 minutes .
The Clippers will try to put the loss behind them quickly , as they have a Thursday night road showdown on tap with the Memphis Grizzlies .
McDaniels , who suffered a minor hip flexor injury in Friday 's game , was available and played 21 minutes off the bench , finishing with eight points and three blocks .
Bryant continues to sit out due to general soreness as a result of his 36 - year - old body having a lot of NBA miles on it .
The Thunder 's final game will be on the road against the Minnesota Timberwolves on Wednesday , while the Trail_Blazers will travel to Dallas to play the Mavericks on Wednesday .
Carmelo Anthony was next , posting 20 points , three rebounds , an assist and two blocks .
Jae Crowder was placed into the starting lineup due to the injury to Avery Bradley 's elbow .
Rodney McGruder chipped in with 11 points , six rebounds , three assists and four steals .
Damian Lillard collected 33 points , three rebounds and seven assists .
Barbosa ’ s 11 points were not of the volume type , but they all came at crucial moments in the game .
The Suns actually dominated the rebounding , as they brought down 56 boards to the Wizards 44 .
In addition to the pair of standout efforts , the visitors received the bulk of their remaining points from the bench .
The Timberwolves will play in Washington on Friday .
Orlando welcomed back Victor Oladipo back who had missed the previous two games due to a concussion .
In a close game throughout , the Blazers simply made more plays late to close out a big road win .
He 's pushed his season averages to 27 points , 7 rebounds and 8 assists on the year .
Darren Collison did n't play after suffering a hip flexor strain Thursday night against the Dallas Mavericks .
Initial reports noted he would attempt to come back , as he was getting his ankle taped in the locker room , however , no such return came to fruition .
Portland ended the game on an 11 - 4 run to pull away and eventually win .
Los_Angeles was extremely efficient from the field , as they shot 50 percent from the free - throw line and from three - point range .
The Hawks take on the New_York Knicks at home on Saturday night .
The Pacers fell to 22 - 18 and currently reside in third place in the Eastern_Conference 's Central Division .
Curry 's season is currently fourth all - time in terms of three - pointers made , with Ray Allen being the only name ahead of him that is not his own .
Frank Kaminsky III followed with 15 points and five rebounds , while Nicolas Batum compiled 13 points , eight assists , six rebounds and two blocks .
Utah has now dropped two of its last three after going 8 - 1 to begin March .
Al-Farouq Aminu followed with 20 points , eight rebounds and two assists .
Greivis Vasquez started at point guard , accumulating 14 points , six assists , three rebounds and four three - pointers in 34 minutes .
Boston will try to keep the good times rolling when they host the Dallas Mavericks and welcome back Rajon Rondo for his first game in TD_Garden as a member of the Mavericks .
Only three players scored in double digits , and center DeMarcus Cousins doubled the next - highest scoring total with 28 .
The Suns shot only 43 percent from the field , including 29 percent from deep .
The Suns ' next game will be at home against the Atlanta Hawks on Friday , while the Timberwolves will travel to Oklahoma_City to play the Thunder on Friday .
Beal 's 31 points , which he supplemented with six rebounds , two assists and two steals , led Washington .
The Cs shot over 53 percent from the field and dished out 32 team assists .
In total , the Suns had six players score in double figures , with Gerald Green posting 16 off the bench , and Eric Bledsoe scoring 15 points in 39 minutes .
The Pelicans are off until Tuesday , when they take on the Thunder in New_Orleans .
Thompson totaled 17 points , five rebounds and two assists .
Jusuf Nurkic pitched in with 11 points , three rebounds and an assist .
Both clubs played each other as closely as the final score indicated , as they were virtually even in several major offensive categories .
Westbrook finished with 22 points and six assists , giving him new season averages of 27 points and 7 assists per game on the year .
The Pelicans ' next game will be at home against the Oklahoma_City Thunder on Wednesday , while the Hawks will be at home against the Washington Wizards on Wednesday .
San_Antonio didn ’ t play their best game , but they are now 370 at their home building .
The Rockets are second in the Western_Conference , 11 games behind the Warriors .
It was his second game back since returning from a rib injury , so it was good to see him get a bunch of playing time .
Carmelo Anthony was right behind him with 20 points , six boards and five assists .
The game scripts were different though , as there were only six combined lead changes and ties on Saturday , after having 39 on Friday .
The Milwaukee Bucks defeated the Brooklyn Nets , 110 - 108 , at Bradley Center on Saturday .
Enes Kanter was another double - double contributor , with 13 points ( 6 - 13 FG , 1 - 1 3Pt ) and 10 rebounds of his own .
McConnell came within an assist of a triple - double , tallying 12 points , 10 rebounds and nine assists , while also adding three steals .
Trevor Ariza was able to do it on both sides of the ball , recording 13 points ( 5 - 13 FG , 3 - 10 3Pt ) , six rebounds and five steals .
As for the bench , Brandon Ingram , Lou Williams and Jordan Clarkson all saw more than 25 minutes of action .
Los_Angeles appears be dealing with some bugs around the locker room , as Hedo Turoglu was unavailable Friday due to a stomach virus and DeAndre Jordan left the game in the third quarter with flu - like symptoms .
Toronto remains atop the Eastern_Conference 's Atlantic Division , and possesses the second seed in the conference , two games back of the Cleveland Cavaliers .
Alexis Ajinca has put together a nice three - game stretch , averaging 17 points , 7 rebounds and 2 blocks in 23 minutes a game over that span .
Dallas saw a rounded offensive night , as seven players scored in double digits .
New_York will be off until Wednesday , when they play the Oklahoma_City Thunder on the road for their next fixture .
The Blazers return to action on Tuesday , hosting the Golden_State Warriors .
Middleton shot 11 - of - 22 and led the team with 26 points , while Antetokounmpo had 22 points to go along with eight rebounds , three assists , two blocks , and a steal .
The Mavericks had 13 steals in the game and they forced the Nuggets into bad shots time after time .
Landry was next with 16 points , eight rebounds and four assists .
The Golden_State Warriors ( 8 - 2 ) defeated the Los_Angeles Lakers ( 1 - 9 ) 136 - 115 on Sunday .
In addition to Wall 's memorable performance , the Wizards also got quality play from the fill - ins for their two injured starters .
He did n't return as he was suffering from concussion like symptoms .
Johnson had only attempted one three through the first three games of the season .
Andre Roberson , who has been starting at shooting guard with all the injuries to the team , had to leave the game with a sprained left foot .
Even worse , Williams missed his first 11 shots and finished 3 - of - 15 from the field for nine points .
James Johnson was also productive off the bench , providing 12 points , eight rebounds and six assists .
Perhaps the most impressive outing for the Blazers , though , was that of newly - acquired big man Jusuf Nurkic .
The other three starters combined for just 19 points , six rebounds and three assists .
Phoenix ( 22 - 57 ) dropped its 13th consecutive game and continues to sit at the bottom of the Western_Conference .
Oklahoma_City has won two straight but just three of their last six games .
In fact , Durant was additionally one turnover shy of a quadruple - double , as his nine errors were a rarity .
He has shot below 35 percent from the field in each of his last three games , so it was good to see him get pointed back in the right direction Monday .
It was the most points he 's scored since mid - December , so it was good to see him dial in his shot Wednesday .
Seth Curry played 25 minutes despite coming off injury , and finished with four points and six assists .
The All-Star forward may have been too effective for his own good , however , as he was forced from the contest after 29 minutes with a left hip injury sustained after a flagrant - 2 foul by the Knicks ' Kyle O'Quinn .
Curry finished with 19 points , 11 assists , seven rebounds and three steals , but shot only 2 - 9 from deep .
Both teams will be on the road on Friday , as the Wizards will take on the Utah Jazz ( 29 - 34 ) , while the Blazers will take on the Golden_State Warriors ( 56 - 6 ) .
Beal added 10 rebounds , four assists , one steal and one block to his aforementioned scoring total .
The Raptors improved to 25 - 15 and remain atop the Eastern_Conference 's Atlantic Division .
Dallas ( 32 - 45 ) stayed in the game until roughly seven minutes remained , but finished out the game rolling out a lineup of almost entirely bench players .
He also hauled in seven boards and recorded a steal .
The Bucks were led by Khris Middleton 's 21 points , and the Milwaukee guard added five rebounds and three assists .
Tony Parker added 14 points , while the only other player to score in double digits for the Spurs was LaMarcus Aldridge , who finished with 13 points on 6 - of - 14 shooting , to go along with four rebounds and two assists , in 34 minutes .
It was the third double - double for Lopez in the last four games , while Young 's performance qualified as the fourth time in the last five contests that he 's posted double - digit points and boards .
George led the team with 26 points and three steals , while Teague accumulated 21 points , seven rebounds and 15 assists .
All of those factors came into play Thursday , as both teams hit the 46 - percent mark from the field and engaged in an entertaining see - saw battle .
Jahlil Okdafor ( knee ) had four points in 12 minutes before exiting .
New_Orleans has one final game before the All-Star break , as they travel to play the Oklahoma_City Thunder on Thursday .
With DeMarcus Cousins sidelined because of a foot injury , it was Rudy Gay and Omri Casspi who really stepped up and had huge games .
The Knicks head back home to tangle with the Golden_State Warriors on Sunday afternoon , while the Sixers remain home to face the Detroit Pistons on Saturday evening .
Kobe Bryant returned for the Lakers Wednesday after being rested for the two previous games .
To say these teams struggled on the offensive end in this matchup would be an understatement .
George Hill returned to practice in a limited capacity Thursday , but he 's no savior .
New_York has dropped two straight games , but they put up a fight Wednesday even with Carmelo Anthony ( back spasms ) out of action .
Allen Crabbe and Maurice Harkless were big , as Harkless scored 17 , while Crabbed dropped 16 points of his own .
Darren Collison filled in nicely for Rondo , as he tallied 14 points , four rebounds and eight assists .
Rookie point guard Tyler Ulis went for 19 points and eight assists , while third year forward T.J. Warren had 26 points on 8 - of - 13 shooting and 10 - of - 10 at the free - throw line .
Deron Williams continued to come off the bench .
D'Angelo Russell and Luol Deng posted matching 17 - point tallies , with the former also adding 11 assists .
It was his second double - double in a row , as he 's combined for 22 points and 22 rebounds over those two outings .
The Nuggets have won six of their last seven games , and they 'll travel to Utah to play the Jazz on Monday in search of another win .
Last year 's second seed has sunk to a sub - .500 team this season , and will have a hard - fought battle with Utah and Dallas for the last two spots in the Western_Conference playoffs .
Five other players scored in double digits for Sacramento , who as a team shot an impressive 57 percent from the field .
Trevor Booker managed eight points and 10 boards in 25 minutes .
Oklahoma_City are starting to really miss Kevin Durant , as they 've lost three of their last four games .
The Bulls were still without Mike Dunleavy , as he continues to sit out with an ankle injury .
Joakim Noah had to leave after getting poked in the eye , but was able to return later in the game .
Coming out of the All-Star break , he 's picked up right where he left off , recording three double - doubles in a row , a stretch where he 's averaged 29 points , 7 rebounds and 12 assists per game .
Gobert recorded a double - double while contributing two steals and three blocks in the victory .
James Johnson was switched to a reserve role and finished with six points in 17 minutes .
Dwight Howard added 11 points and grabbed eight rebounds , while Malcolm Delaney added 17 points on 6 - of - 11 shooting , including 3 - of - 3 from long range , in 27 minutes off the bench .
Chris Paul had an off night shooting ( 3 - 9 FG ) , but managed to dish out 10 assists .
McCollum , Al-Farouq Aminu , and Allen Crabbe also chipped in with double - digit point totals .
McCollum ( 24 points , five assists , three rebounds and a pair of steals ) .
Jeff Green provided 14 points on 5 - of - 8 shooting off the bench .
Larry Nance Jr. replaced Julius Randle in the starting lineup , but failed to outperform him .
Kemba Walker and Nicolas Batum led the Hornets in scoring with 34 points and 31 points , respectively , while Jeremy Lamb was effective off the bench in his 37 minutes of action .
In addition , they won the turnover battle 12 - 5 and the steal differential 8 - 1 .
Brooklyn improved their record to 2 - 9 and remain in fourth place in the Eastern_Conference ’ s Atlantic Division .
The Oklahoma_City Thunder defeated the visiting Denver Nuggets 121 - 106 , at Chesapeake_Energy_Arena on Saturday evening .
McCollum finished behind him with 21 .
The Denver Nuggets defeated the Chicago Bulls , 125 - 107 , at United_Center on Tuesday evening .
Kristaps Porzingis managed 15 points , five boards , one assist and three blocks .
He has also shot an astounding 25 - of - 36 ( 69 percent ) from the field in that stretch .
Brook Lopez finished with 15 points , three rebounds and three assists .
Matt Barnes was moved back into the starting lineup at small forward , and Jamal Crawford moved back to a bench role .
Luol Deng and Mario Chalmers were the only other Heat players in double - figures , chipping in 12 and 11 points , respectively .
The Sixers ( 14 - 26 ) have been mocked for some time for the `` Trust the Process `` slogan that has become associated with their seemingly never - ending string of losing seasons .
Evans had 17 points and eight assists , while Eric Gordon chipped in 20 points and five helpers .
Sacramento will resume its road trip Friday in Orlando .
Trevor Booker also made a significant contribution off the bench with 12 points , eight rebounds , an assist , a steal and a block .
It was just the sixth time all season that he finished in double - digit points .
The win is the Warriors ' seventh in a row , and puts the team even closer to the 1995 - 96 Bulls ' record of 72 wins .
Myles Turner finished with 15 points and eight rebounds .
On Monday , the struggling Nets gave the Rockets a surprising run for their money ; however , superstar James Harden was able to shoulder the load en route to victory .
The spat apparently continued in the locker room , and Rondo was forced to sit out Wednesday for conduct detrimental to the team .
The Portland Trail_Blazers defeated the Brooklyn Nets , 130 - 116 , at Moda_Center on Saturday .
The Heat have a couple games with major playoff implications on the horizon with matchups against the Pacers and Hornets following Saturday 's game .
The Jazz are off until Friday , when they hit the road to face the Warriors .
Detroit plays host to the Lakers , also on Tuesday .
The Spurs ' next game will be on the road against the Chicago Bulls on Thursday , while the Nuggets will be at home against the Boston Celtics on Friday .
Kent Bazemore 's 24 points led the Hawks .
The Suns ' next game will be at home against the Oklahoma_City Thunder on Thursday , while the Nuggets will be at home against the Utah Jazz on Friday .
The Hawks ' next game will be on the road against the Toronto Raptors on Friday , while the Celtics will be at home against the Chicago Bulls on Friday .
Cleveland led the whole way , after building a substantial 56 - 32 lead by halftime .
He had failed to reach double - digit points in six straight games , so it was good to see him get back on track offensively Tuesday .
Booker added five assists , three boards and a steal to his aforementioned scoring haul .
Bryant has missed six of the Lakers ' last 11 games getting extra rest , but the purpose of the rest has been unclear .
Robert Covington was the only other member of the starting five to manage double - digit points , amassing 14 points , five boards and a steal .
Los_Angeles had the opposite problem of Detroit , as many of the team 's starters struggled from the field .
E'Twaun Moore earned the start , while Doug McDermott saw increased minutes off the bench .
Dwyane Wade supplied 12 points , five rebounds , three assists and two steals .
Nene Hilario paced the reserves with 12 points , three rebounds , an assist and two steals .
The Bucks have a tough stretch ahead , starting with the Warriors coming to town on Saturday .
They head home to face the Toronto Raptors on Monday .
In his first three games since returning from a shoulder injury , Davis has dominated his way to averages of 26 points , 18 rebounds and 3 blocks over that stretch .
Walker was next with 11 points , two rebounds , four assists , a steal and a block .
Orlando heads to Cleveland for a showdown with the Cavaliers on Saturday .
The Blazers ' ability to move the ball around was huge , as the tallied 27 assists as a team , compared to just 14 for the Nuggets .
It was the Wizards ' big man 's sixth double - double over the last seven games .
Booker ended up with 18 points , three assists and two rebounds on 8 - of - 12 shooting .
Miami won the first quarter by a margin of 31 - 19 , and had built up a 65 - 44 lead by halftime .
The Heat host the Philadelphia 76ers on Monday and the Pelicans begin a three - game homestand Monday against the Toronto Raptors .
Meanwhile , the Pacers struggled from the field , as Paul George finished with only 13 points on 4 - of - 11 shooting .
The Magic will play the Timberwolves in Minnesota on Friday .
As a team , OKC hit 12 three - pointers and held a 48 - 38 advantage on the boards .
Gary Harris totaled 14 points , three rebounds and two assists .
The Grizzlies had nine players log 20 or more minutes and all of those players contributed more than five points and at least three rebounds or assists .
T.J. Warren added 22 points , while Eric Bledsoe finished with 19 points , two assists and two boards .
Kentavious Caldwell-Pope scored 10 points , but struggled from the field after finishing 4 - for - 15 in the losing effort .
He sat out of Saturday 's game for a day of rest , but came back right where left off with another impressive performance .
Doug McDermott registered nine points , while Butler could only muster three points on 1 - of - 13 shooting .
In January , he is averaging 8 points , 2 rebounds .
Zach LaVine added 24 points but had a troublesome eight turnovers , while Andrew Wiggins struggled shooting , going 5 - of - 17 from the field , on his way to 13 points .
After playing in just seven minutes of time , he aggravated the hamstring and was held out of the rest of the game .
He also recorded a steal .
The only other Heat player to reach double figures in points was Luol Deng , who had 10 points ( 4 - 9 FG , 2 - 5 3Pt ) .
Nick Young was just 4 - of - 13 from the field and 2 - for - 8 from three point range .
Los_Angeles tallied success rates of 52 percent from the floor and 50 percent from three - point range , while their bench chipped in with a collective 58 points .
Courtney Lee went for 15 points , two rebounds , one assist and one steal .
Chicago has won two straight and five of their last six games .
The Pacers will have a chance to redeem themselves Saturday when they host the Portland Trail_Blazers .
Washington was missing one of its front court starters as well with Nene Hilario sat out for personal reasons .
The Knicks leaned heavliy on their bench , with 10 players seeing at least 13 minutes of action Thursday .
The Heat were out - rebounded 54 - 43 and allowed the Pistons first unit to destroy them .
No bench player scored more than eight points or played more than 20 minutes .
His backcourt partner Ben McLemore added another 22 points , including six three - pointers .
Quincy Acy started in place of Omri Casspi , who sat this one out with a sore back , however he only logged five minutes and did not score .
The Bucks shot just 38 % from the floor as a team and committed 15 turnovers .
Golden_State ( 25 - 4 ) remains the league 's top team thanks to the win .
John Henson supplied 14 points ( on 70 percent shooting ) .
Middleton had 17 points by halftime and finished with a total of 27 points ( 10 - 18 FG .
The Mavs will now get a night off before taking on the Minnesota Timberwolves at home on Saturday night .
Impressively , the Pelicans bench also stepped up , as Jordan Crawford , E'Twaun Moore and Alexis Ajinca all put forth strong performances down the stretch .
The Clippers will finish up their current seven - game road trip in Utah on Saturday against the Jazz .
He has not been able to run , yet , making him questionable in the short term .
Dallas will look to keep rolling on Friday against the Brooklyn Nets .
The Bulls have been grappling with major injuries for months , and Thursday was no exception .
The team finished 2 - of - 14 from downtown .
The Jazz will visit the Dallas Mavericks ( 28 - 25 ) on Tuesday .
Randy Foye tallied 15 points , one rebound and two assists .
Jordan Farmar led the bench with 15 points and five assists .
Arthur had a solid 14 points , five rebounds , four assists and a pair of steals , his final rejected shot notwithstanding .
Coming into the night , Cleveland was on a roll , while Toronto had been struggling .
Orlando has a tough task ahead of them , as they play the second half of a back - to - back against the Cleveland Cavaliers on Saturday for their next game .
They also posted outstanding 59 and 55 percent success rates from the field and three - point range , respectively , allowing them to overcome the 20 turnovers they were guilty of .
The San_Antonio Spurs defeated the host Houston Rockets 106 - 100 at Toyota_Center on Saturday .
New addition David Lee was effective in 25 minutes off the bench , with 14 points ( 6 - 10 FG , 2 - 4 FT ) and 14 rebounds , in 25 minutes off the bench .
Since coming over to the Nuggets from the Portland Trail Blazers 10 games ago , he 's averaged 14 points , 4 rebounds , 2 assists and 1 steals per game .
Atlanta drops to 8 - 5 but remains in first place in the Eastern_Conference ’ s Southeast Division .
Backup center Brook Lopez chipped in 15 points in 27 minutes , grabbing five rebounds in the process .
They have now allowed at least 100 points in every game and have regularly failed to protect the rim .
Leonard had 13 points , four rebounds , two assists , a steal and a block .
Kemba Walker scored a game - high 23 points to go along with five assists and three steals .
The Boston Celtics defeated the Milwaukee Bucks , 112 - 94 , at TD_Garden on Wednesday night .
It was another night of insane numbers for Golden_State 's historic offense .
The game marked the extension of Golden_State 's 30 - assist game streak to nine games .
Lee totaled 15 points , seven rebounds , two assists and a steal despite coming off the bench .
They could have Jodie Meeks ( back ) make his season debut in Friday 's game , and it 'll be interesting to see if a single role player can help them dig out of the hole they 've dug .
They begin a seven - game roadtrip Monday in Los_Angeles against the Clippers .
Coming off the bench , Avery Bradley put in an efficient outing of his own , scoring 21 points in just 20 minutes .
Like Bradley , Amir Johnson also pitched in 14 points , and added nine rebounds , four assists and a block .
Miami was able to capitalize , jumping out to a 33 - 24 lead after one quarter and then hanging on to outscore their hosts 67 - 64 the rest of the way .
Kris Humphries started and accumulated 12 points , seven rebounds and four assists .
McCollum poured in 22 points to aid the scoring , adding four 3 - pointers of his own .
Over his last two games , Faried has totaled 38 points and 29 rebounds .
The Trail_Blazers ' next game will be on the road against the Denver Nuggets on Tuesday , while the Timberwolves will travel to Los_Angeles to play the Clippers on Monday .
McCollum finished strong , totaling 23 points , 10 rebounds , three blocks and three steals .
The Pacers ( 25 - 22 ) are now 18 - 6 at home , as they continue to thrive in Bankers_Life_Fieldhouse .
The dynamic duo combined for 65 points on outstanding 21 - of - 29 shooting , and Los_Angeles tallied a 55 percent success rate from the field overall .
Gobert led the team with a whopping 18 rebounds and also posted 17 points .
Rondae Hollis-Jefferson posted 20 points , 10 rebounds and one block .
LaMarcus Aldridge added 24 points and eight rebounds , and C.J .
Despite having three starters out with injury , the Rockets still secured the victory .
The Warriors ( 52 - 11 ) are continuing to find their way without Kevin Durant ( knee ) , and they may be starting to hit their stride .
A big man who 's always been known more for his offensive prowess , Hill has now managed five double - digit scoring efforts in seven December games .
Milwaukee saw their two - game win streak snapped , and they too were playing without one of their key starters due to injury .
They head home for a Wednesday tilt versus the Sixers .
Gary Neal paced the Washington reserves with 13 points , a rebound and an assist .
Walker finished with 24 points , 10 assists , two rebounds , two steals and one block on 7 - of - 11 shooting .
Young went 6 - of - 11 from the field while attempting all of his shots from beyond the arc .
The Spurs will try to stay unbeaten at home Sunday against Dallas .
He finished with 20 points , 11 rebounds , four assists and two blocks .
There was some good news for the Bulls on Monday night as they saw the return of Joakim Noah .
Coming off the bench , Evan Fournier stayed productive .
Schroder made his first start of the season while Kyle Korver was rested for maintenance purposes in the second game of a back - to - back set .
Clarkson found himself in the right place at the right time to pick off the passes that iced the game for Los_Angeles , but also caused an 8 - second violation a few possessions prior that gave Memphis another opportunity to come back .
The Bucks shot 47 percent from the field overall while limiting the Nets ( 5 - 14 ) to a stingy 37 percent success rate .
Golden_State will return to action Friday when it hosts Memphis .
The Bucks continue their road swing by going to Toronto for a Friday night game , while Brooklyn will head to Oklahoma_City to face the Thunder on Friday .
Ryan Anderson was second among starters , finishing with 18 points , two rebounds and three assists .
They have now won five of their last six games and the offense is playing as fans hoped at the beginning of the season .
Tucker had a double - double with 11 points and 16 rebounds .
James Johnson 's 18 points led the bench .
Ish Smith came up big with 13 assists and 11 points , in 23 minutes off the bench .
The score is not indicative of the nature of this game , as Portland went on a late run to open up the scoreline .
On the injury front , Nikola Pekovic and Kevin Martin are nearing returns from injury , but did not suit up on Saturday .
Jerami Grant scored 11 points , and also hauled in eight rebounds , dished out two assists and recorded a pair of blocks .
Nearly recording a double - double , Kyle Korver added 13 points ( 5 - 12 FG , 3 - 9 3Pt ) , eight rebounds and two blocked shots .
Over the team 's winning streak , Morrow has now played 25 minutes per game and is averaging 11 points while shooting 49 percent from the field and 45 percent on 3 - pointers .
The Timberwolves shot 45 percent from the field , and 37 percent from distance , while the Kings shot a hot 53 percent from the field , including 52 percent from long range .
In contrast , the five bench players for the Celtics combined for just 40 points and 15 rebounds .
Alan Anderson exited in the fourth quarter after spraining his left ankle .
Irving also added six assists and four rebounds .
The Pelicans shot just 8 - 24 ( 33 percent ) from three and had 10 of their 65 two - point shots ( 15 percent ) blocked as they could n't put up enough points to pull away from the Spurs .
Up next , the Mavericks will take on the Grizzlies at home on Friday , while Orlando will head home Friday and go up against the Trail_Blazers .
Denzel Valentine pitched in 11 points off the bench .
The Chicago Bulls defeated the San Antonino Spurs at United_Center 95 - 91 on Thursday .
Carmelo Anthony tied the team - lead for New_York , totaling 18 points and 11 rebounds .
Like Durant , he 's missed most of the season up until this point , but has come out strong in his first six games and is averaging 24 points and 6 assists .
Eleven different Grizzlies played at least 15 minutes but no more than 27 in the route .
The Grizzlies will be off until Wednesday , when they host the Toronto Raptors for their next matchup .
Nikola Vucevic recorded a double - double off the bench , totaling 14 points , 13 rebounds and five assists .
The Minnesota Timberwolves took it to the New_York Knicks Wednesday at the Target_Center , winning 115 - 99 .
Cousins also dished out six assists , seemingly playing every role for Sacramento in the loss .
Hassan Whiteside recorded 12 points , nine rebounds and three blocks .
This win for Boston completed the season sweep over Indiana , as the Pacers have now traded off wins and losses across their last 15 games .
Trevor Ariza and Clint Capela provided a pair of nine - point tallies .
Myles Turner amassed 18 points , 10 rebounds , three steals and four blocks , while Jeff Teague provided 17 points and 13 assists .
Denver has lost three of their last four games and have dropped to 12th place in the Western_Conference standings , three games behind the Phoenix Suns for the final playoff spot .
Atlanta 's offense was extremely efficient , as they shot 51 percent from the field and recorded 31 assists .
Coming off the bench , Brook Lopez went 5 - for - 8 from the field for 12 points in 23 minutes .
Zaza Pachulia had a strong all - around afternoon , totaling 14 points , five rebounds , an assist and two steals .
The Warriors ' next game will be on the road against the Boston Celtics on Sunday , while the Raptors will travel to New_York to play the Knicks on Saturday .
Orlando hit just 40 percent of their three - pointers and 63 percent of their free - throws .
While Chandler Parson 's return from a knee injury was expected to lead to a much - reduced role for Carter , it 's done the exact opposite , as with Parson 's struggling as he still works to make his way back to the floor , Carter has excelled and outscored Parsons in each of the past three games .
Andrew Wiggins followed up with 23 points , while Zach LaVine chipped in 20 .
The Hornets hit 12 - of - 27 from distance and 20 - of - 25 free throws as they closed - out the Wizards .
Nikola Vucevic and Elfrid Payton each recorded a double - double off the bench , as Vucevic totaled 14 points and 13 rebounds , while Payton accrued 13 points and 14 assists .
Derrick Rose was the only other Knick in double figures , scoring 15 points , while adding five rebounds and three assists .
Over his last three games he had combined for just 12 points , including going scoreless on Sunday against the Spurs , so we 'll see if that helps rebuild his confidence moving forward .
He had suffered a concussion during Saturday 's game , but cleared the concussion protocol prior to this matchup and played as if there were no lingering problems .
The Kings ( 27 - 43 ) have now gone 2 - 9 in their last 11 games .
Kristaps Porzingis fouled out of the game late in the fourth quarter , which went along with the rough night of eight points on 11 shots .
Hill amassed 11 points and complemented it with six rebounds , three assists and a pair of steals , while Ellis pitched in 15 points , six assists and a block .
Boston remains in second place in the Eastern_Conference 's Atlantic Division , and are currently slotted in the fourth seed in the conference as well .
Coming off the bench , D.J .
Goran Dragic had the most production of the starters .
Five players hit double digits in the scoring column for the visitors , and they shot 51 percent from the field overall .
Five players hit double digits in the scoring column for the visitors , and they shot 51 percent from the field overall .
Portland will host the Denver Nuggets on Sunday , while Sacramento will enjoy a long three - day rest .
Denver , meanwhile , had another big night on the boards , recording 55 team rebounds .
Kyle Korver managed just 1 - 7 from three - point land , and the team finished a brutal 7 - 28 ( 25 percent ) .
The Bucks also shot it well from the field , converting at a 50 percent clip .
Bryant is simply taking too many bad shots right now and while he could make those in the past , his legs just simply ca n't handle them anymore .
While this appeared to be a blowout at halftime , the Wizards heard something in the locker room that completely turned this game around .
Hassan Whiteside really struggled , as he went 4 - of - 11 from the field and committed four turnovers en route to a 12 - point and eight - rebound dud .
The Heat ( 38 - 40 ) came into Wednesday knowing that a win would vault them back to the coveted eighth seed in the Eastern_Conference .
Jimmy Butler added 22 points , while Taj Gibson chipped in 11 points on 5 - of - 8 shooting .
Jrue Holiday left the game late in the fourth quarter after taking a hit to the face .
Sixth man Wilson Chandler scored 24 points and shot 11 - of - 21 .
The Trail_Blazers started hot and finished hot , outscoring the Lakers 26 - 12 in the first quarter and 33 - 14 in the fourth .
Griffin 's absence has not kept the Clippers from winning their last five games , including Wednesday 's tilt against the Magic .
Seth Curry received 26 minutes off the bench in the blowout and supplied 13 points , four rebounds and three assists .
George Hill provided 22 points , five rebounds and three assists om 8 - of - 13 shooting .
The Clippers and Bulls split their season series 1 - 1 , with the Bulls having taken their first matchup 105 - 89 back on Nov. 17 .
The Pelicans were very efficient on offense too , as they shot 46 percent and committed just six turnovers .
The Suns had six players finish in double - digits , including the Morris twins , as Marcus had 21 points and Markieff had 12 .
Kobe Bryant exited the game before the end of the first half and it was listed as general soreness .
`` McBuckets `` played big minutes due to the absence of Chicago 's All-Star wing , and he did not crack under the pressure .
Joe Johnson and Amar ' e Stoudemire rounded things out with a pair of 12 - point efforts , with the former adding two assists and two steals , and the latter posting four rebounds and a steal .
Markieff Morris was second on the team , with his 20 points and five boards .
Kemba Walker led the way for Charlotte with 31 points , which he supplemented with nine assists , four rebounds and one block .
Bradley Beal did n't have his best night from the field , but finished with 13 points ( 4 - 10 FG , 0 - 1 3Pt , 5 - 6 FT ) , five rebounds , three assists , two steals and two blocked shots .
Orlando ( 6 - 8 ) has been struggling on offense all season long and a season - high in turnovers is not the way to get over that problem .
Devin Booker led the way for the Suns , as he tallied 28 points , five rebounds and three assists .
Both players eclipsed 30 minutes of action , but played a rather slow paced game on their way to 24 combined points .
The Suns made the game a heated contest in the fourth quarter .
The Thunder will look to keep rolling on Monday against the Milwaukee Bucks .
A tough test now awaits the Hawks , who take on the Portland Trail_Blazers on Friday .
Cody Zeller contributed 11 points , four rebounds , two assists , one steal and one block .
McCollum did everything they could though , as they each scored 30 - plus in dominating performances .
Playing without Derrick Rose ( ankles ) , Jimmy Butler led the way for Chicago .
Despite Evans 's absence , the team was able to walk away with a much - needed win .
For the Thunder ( 8 - 8 ) , things are continuing to get worse after the team started a surprising 5 - 1 to open the season .
He finished with 13 points , seven rebounds and five assists , as he did a little bit of everything Tuesday .
Steven Adams tallied seven points but also hauled in 10 boards , along with one assist and one block .
Antetokounmpo led the way for Milwaukee with 28 points , five rebounds , five assists , two steals and a block .
After a hard - fought third overtime , the Nets were able to pull away in the end .
With just four games left in the regular season , they Celtics will need to win the majority of their games from here on out .
Derrick Rose had to leave this game early , as he was dealing with back spasms in the third quarter , but finished with 10 points .
The Clippers out - scored the Bulls 79 - 62 in the final three quarters .
The Bulls then survived a C.J .
Coming off the bench , Cody Zeller had a surprise offensive performance .
Ryan Anderson finished second on the team , totaling 16 points and six rebounds .
Ryan Anderson finished second on the team , totaling 16 points and six rebounds .
The 76ers end their three - game road trip Friday at the Golden_State Warriors .
Former Pistons Khris Middleton and Brandon Knight combined to score 30 points , grab 13 rebounds and dish out nine assists .
McCollum went down with a nasty looking ankle injury , while Batum 's leg appeared to buckle as he went down with a knee injury .
Sean Kilpatrick provided 20 points and five assists to lead the bench on 6 - of - 7 from three - point range .
Miami will look to keep up their strong defense against the surging New_York Knicks on Monday .
T.J. Warren finished with 15 points , six rebounds , three steals and two blocks .
This double - double marked the second in a row for Wall , who 's combined for 44 points and 22 asssists over his last two games .
The Pistons are 2 - 5 in April and will look to end their season on a positive note when they take on the New_York Knicks in Madison_Square_Garden .
The Portland Trail_Blazers defeated the Boston Celtics , 127 - 123 , in overtime at TD_Garden on Saturday afternoon .
The Warriors ' next game will be at home against the Houston Rockets on Wednesday , while the Timberwolves will be at home against the Portland Trail_Blazers on Wednesday as well .
Kristaps Porzingis was next with 14 points , one rebound and one steal .
The Pacers ( 36 - 35 ) continue their unbelievable run of mediocrity , as they have now traded off wins and losses across their last 15 games .
The Kings played this game without DeMarcus Cousins and Rajon Rondo and they clearly weren ’ t the same team .
Now the Clippers boast a 10 - game win streak , which includes one win against a formidable opponent , while the Heat are 1 - 3 on their road trip and have dropped four of their last five .
The Jazz will host the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 14 - 33 ) on Friday .
He 's been unstoppable lately , averaging 29 points and 14 rebounds over his last three games .
If not , Brooklyn ’ s season is over .
Oklahoma_City still holds the eighth and final playoff spot in the Western_Conference .
Jordan had an amazing game , despite the fact that he missed an astounding 22 free - throws .
The Celtics head to the Motor City for a Sunday afternoon showdown with the Detroit Pistons , while the Raptors remain home to tangle with the Portland Trail_Blazers on Sunday as well .
The Grizzlies improved to 8 - 7 and currently reside in third place in the Western_Conference ’ s Southwest Division .
Up next , the Thunder will travel to Boston on Friday to take on the Celtics , while the Pelicans will stay home Friday and play the Heat .
Despite the loss , Cleveland remains atop the Eastern_Conference 's Central Division .
He went 7 - for - 13 from the field and 2 - for - 5 from beyond the arc to score 18 points .
The Cavaliers ( 43 - 22 ) have now lost five of their last seven games , as they continue to struggle on defense .
LeBron James finished second on the team , with 18 points , five rebounds , seven assists , two steals and two blocks .
With this loss the Knicks are now 14 - 16 at home .
The Portland Trail_Blazers defeated the Oklahoma_City Thunder , 126 - 121 , at Chesapeake_Energy_Arena on Tuesday evening .
Clarkson did get his right foot and leg stepped on during a scrap and will receive x - rays .
Serge Ibaka finished with 18 points , three rebounds and two assists before fouling out .
The Knicks have only reached the 100 - point threshold once in their last eight games as their offense continues to sputter .
Mayo .
The Warriors ' next game will be at home against the Oklahoma_City Thunder on Monday , while the Raptors will travel to Phoenix to play the Suns on Sunday .
Paul still scored nine points , grabbed five rebounds and dished out 12 assists despite his awful shooting night .
Denver has lost six of their last seven games .
The Charlotte Hornets defeated the Denver Nuggets , 112 - 102 , at Pepsi_Center on Saturday evening .
Leonard finished with 17 points , three rebounds and two assists .
Carlos Boozer was the other high scorer for the Lakers .
Minnesota heads down to Central Florida with a Wednesday night tussle with the Orlando Magic , while Brooklyn tangles with their inter - city rival New_York Knicks at Madison_Square_Garden on Wednesday evening as well .
Seven of those turnovers came from forward Rudy Gay , who also shot just 3 - of - 11 on the night .
New_Orleans , meanwhile , has been dealings with injury issues of its own .
As a whole , the Dubs shot over 48 percent from the field and recorded a stellar 28 team assists .
Next up , the Celtics visit the Golden_State Warriors on Wednesday , while the Clippers play the same night and visit the Minnesota Timberwolves .
Aaron Brooks also tallied double - digit points in a reserve role , pouring in 11 and adding three assists , a rebound and a steal .
The Knicks will resume play Feb. 20 against the Heat .
The Cavaliers ( 35 - 15 ) have now won five of their last six games , as this might be their most impressive victory of the season .
The Warriors will continue their road trip by dropping in at Indiana on Tuesday .
However , no other starter managed double - digit scoring , as Kosta Koufos ( eight points , two rebounds ) , Arron Afflalo ( five points , two rebounds , four steals ) and Darren Collison ( four points , four assists , three rebounds ) significantly underwhelmed .
Jimmy Butler was even worse , posting five points ( on 2 - for - 11 shooting ) , seven rebounds , three assists and two steals .
Robin Lopez 's hand injury extended his absence to 16 consecutive games .
The night 's best performance , however , may have come from Miami center Hassan Whiteside .
Wayne Ellington chipped in 12 points , four boards and one steal .
He 's bumped up his scoring the last few games , combining for 38 points over that span .
The Mavericks scorched the nets to the tune of 56 percent shooting and converted 12 - of - 26 three - point field goals .
Atlanta shot 51 percent from the field as a team and assisted on 29 of its 39 field goal attempts .
Denver has lost two straight games .
Veteran Mo Williams chipped in 20 points ( 8 - 16 FG , 3 - 5 3Pt , 1 - 3 FT ) , five rebounds , three assists and two steals off the bench , and Gorgui Dieng was the only other Timberwolve to score in double figures , adding 10 points in 33 minutes .
There are n't many teams as hot as the Heat and as cold as the Bucks and those trends played out in this wire - to - wire win for Miami .
The Hornets had four other players score in double figures , including Gary Neal , who scored 23 points ( 6 - 11 FG , 3 - 5 3Pt , 8 - 9 FT ) off of the bench .
Brooks finished with 14 points on 5 - of - 17 shooting from the field .
The team remains second in the Western_Conference behind the historic Golden State Warriors , despite still boasting a superior point differential and an undefeated home record .
The key in this game was the Milwaukee defense , as they held the Grizzles to 37 percent shooting and forced 15 turnovers .
The Bulls are in fourth place in the Eastern_Conference 's Central Division , and 3 games behind the eighth - seeded Detroit Pistons .
The Warriors , on the other hand , have extended their own winning streak to three games , while pushing their Western_Conference standings lead to seven and a half games over the Memphis Grizzlies .
Steven Adams was solid in support of Westbrook offensively , compiling 19 points , seven boards , two assists and two steals .
The Kings are quickly becoming the surprise of the Western_Conference .
He currently leads the league in steals and he 's becoming one of the most valuable players on this Celtics roster .
New_Orleans has been decimated by injuries of late .
Tyreke Evans sat this one out with a sore right knee , leaving Norris Cole to start .
In just 25 minutes on the floor Monday , Paul was able to improve all of those figures , going 4 - of - 6 from three and 8 - of - 11 overall , grabbing five steals , and turning the ball over just once .
Next up , the Warriors visit the Denver Nuggets , while the Mavericks enjoy some time off before visiting the New_York Knicks on Monday .
They 're home again on Monday versus the Brooklyn Nets .
The 21 - year - old is averaging over 23 points , 10 rebounds , and four assists per game in January .
Clint Capela finished second on the team with 24 points and 11 rebounds .
He scored a game - high 26 points and passed out seven assists .
Even though they 've won just two of their last eight , Miami still has an outside chance to make the playoffs .
The Pacers ’ starting five struggled to score , combining for just 30 points on 11 - of - 38 shooting .
Meanwhile , Blake Griffin has missed the last eight games with a partially torn quadriceps muscle .
Chicago was without Derrick Rose ( hamstring ) , and the Pacers were able to take advantage .
Bismack Biyombo posted an 12 - point , 11 - rebound double - double to lead the bench , along with two assists and two blocks .
Center Mason Plumlee had an efficient 18 points on 6 - of - 9 shooting .
Both Nene Hilario and Rasual Butler were the other two Wizards to finish in double figures .
Orlando started the game on a 16 - 2 run , but Milwaukee started the fourth quarter with a 16 - 2 run of their own .
The Hornets ( 36 - 42 ) are trying to get back to the eight - seed in the East , but this loss is devastating for pursuit .
However , Miami put on their rally caps and came all the way back to take their first lead with about three and a half minutes to go in the fourth .
In the absence of Pau Gasol ( knee ) , Chicago 's bench accounted for an impressive 60 points .
George Hill added 12 points and four assists on 3 - of - 4 shooting from distance .
Gerald Green tallied 11 points , three rebounds and two blocked shots , on 4 - 10 shooting .
Joe Johnson struggled to find his shot , and hit only five of his 14 shots from the field to add 13 points in 32 minutes .
The frustration clearly boiled over for this Kings team , as Rajon Rondo was ejected in the third quarter .
The Golden_State Warriors defeated the Orlando Magic 122 - 92 at Oracle_Arena on Thursday .
As a team , the Bulls shot a sorry 4 - of - 15 from behind the arc in defeat .
They made it to the free - throw line 35 times , though they were only able to convert 20 of their attempts there .
The Raptors remain within striking difference of the Cleveland Cavaliers for the conference 's first seed .
He 's put in two solid performances in a row , combining for 44 points , 20 assists and six steals in his last two outings .
Westbrook 's night was n't the most efficient , however , as he shot just 12 - of - 35 from the field and 1 - of - 6 from behind the arc .
However , Saric did n't let the demotion to the second unit bring him down , as he posted a 13 - point , 12 - rebound double - double off the bench .
He 's also played well of late and has averaged 16 points and 7 rebounds over his last three games .
He and Jerami Grant each scored 18 points .
Zach LaVine 's 23 - point effort paced Minnesota .
The Jazz saw most of their production from their front court .
Boston will attempt to improve on their 3 - 3 record Wednesday versus the Pacers .
Casspi has taken it on himself to make up for the Kings ' injury issues of late , as he 's now averaging 21 points and 6 rebounds over his last four games .
Next , Detroit hosts the Trail_Blazers on Sunday .
Jeremy Lin was sidelined for this game with an upper respiratory infection , which allowed Wayne Ellington to move back into the starting lineup .
Up next , the Grizzlies will look to continue their hot streak in Oklahoma_City on Friday against the Thunder , while the Nuggets will look to turn things around at home against the Bucks on Friday .
Chicago remains in third place in the Eatern Conference 's Central Division and has vaulted into the eighth seed in the conference as well .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 31 - 8 ) defeated the Boston Celtics ( 13 - 24 ) 105 - 91 on Wednesday at the TD_Garden in Boston .
The Lakers shot 46 percent from the field , including 9 - of - 30 from long range , however gave up an ugly 20 turnovers in the game .
They also shot an impressive 53 percent from the field .
Kemba Walker unsurprisingly led the way with 23 points , four assists , two rebounds , two steals and a block .
Dwight Powell also came off the bench and finished with six points and ten rebounds in 20 minutes against Minnesota .
The Thunder point guard is now the first player ever to record 100 points , 30 rebounds , and 30 assists through the first three games of a season .
The Thunder 's next game will be at home against the Atlanta Hawks on Friday , while the Celtics will travel to San_Antonio to play the Spurs on Friday .
The Nets also saw some solid contributions from their bench .
Utah has lost three straight games , and in their last two games , they were playing without Derrick Favors , whom remains sidelined with a sprained ankle .
Houston abused the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording four more assists and 10 less turnovers than Minnesota .
He had 18 point and 9 assists against Los_Angeles .
The Heat fell to 16 - 11 and are now in second place in the Eastern_Conference 's Southeast Division .
Drew Gooden , who started for the suspended Nene scored 18 points , going 8 - for - 11 from the field .
Atlanta , meanwhile , had an abysmal night from the field .
Philadelphia has now lost six in a row .
Jon Leuer led the bench with 13 points , six rebounds and one assist while Stanley Johnson totaled 12 points and three boards .
Harden was second behind Anderson with 19 points , 13 assists , seven rebounds and three steals .
Smith followed up with an awry layup attempt at the buzzer that was altered by Bismack Biyombo .
Paul Pierce was equally impressive , finishing with 20 points on 5 - of - 7 behind the arc .
Evan Fournier provided nine points , five rebounds , five assists and one steal .
He has been dealing with a shoulder injury .
George Hill was n't far behind , finishing with 21 points , three rebounds and six assists .
The Trail_Blazers are currently in second place in the Western_Conference 's Northwest Division , and in possession of the seventh seed in the conference as well .
The Grizzlies outscored the Sixers in the paint , 52 - 32 .
Coming into this game , this was a matchup between the leaders of each respective conference .
Since joining the Nuggets at the trade deadline , he 's averaging 17 points and 5 rebounds over five games .
Martin played 20 minutes off the bench and finished with 12 points and two rebounds .
Robert Covington and T.J. McConnell supplied a pair of 10 - point efforts , with the former adding five rebounds , two assists , two steals and a block , and the latter posting eight assists , five rebounds and a steal .
Enes Kanter put up solid numbers in 25 minutes off the bench , finishing with 14 points ( 6 - 12 FG ) and 13 rebounds .
Trevor Ariza and Clint Capela rounded out the first unit 's productive night with matching 11 - point efforts , with the former adding seven rebounds , three assists , two steals and two blocks , and the latter supplying seven boards , two assists , three steals and a block .
Things look bleak for Memphis as the team remains riddled with injuries going forward .
Memphis sits towards the middle of the pack of Western_Conference playoff contenders .
Alan Williams also came off the bench to collect 11 points and 15 rebounds .
San_Antonio has dropped three straight games , with their last two games both going to triple - overtime .
Phoenix has rebounded since dropping back - to - back games against San Antonio and Memphis and holds a 4 game lead over the Thunder for the final playoff spot in the West .
Rose stayed in the game initially but was later removed and never returned to action , instead opting to ice the injury in locker room .
Draymond Green scored 13 and had two steals , two blocks , nine rebounds , and five assists .
The Raptors improved to 20 - 13 and continue atop the Eastern_Conference 's Atlantic Division .
Brandon Ingram was second in scoring , providing 14 points , five rebounds and five assists off the bench as well .
The All-Star duo was unable to get the job done at Staples_Center , however .
Mike Dunleavy added 14 points on 6 - of - 9 shooting , in 22 minutes off the bench .
Jrue Holiday contributed 19 points , three assists and two steals and was looking good , shooting 8 - 14 from the field .
Jimmy Butler supplied 16 points , five assists , four rebounds and two steals .
The New_Orleans Pelicans defeated the Memphis Grizzlies , 95 - 82 , at Smoothie_King_Center on Tuesday .
The Denver Nuggets defeated the Orlando Magic 125 - 112 Tuesday at Pepsi_Center .
Ron Baker provided 11 points , eight rebounds , eight assists and one steal .
Serge Ibaka 's 20 points led Orlando .
He 's averaging 27 points , 7 assists , 6 rebounds and 2 steals a game in an MVP-caliber season .
The Thunder ( 24 - 16 ) have now won three - straight games , as Russell Westbrook continues to add to his historic numbers .
He finished with only seven points and eight rebounds .
The visiting San_Antonio Spurs defeated the host New_Orleans Pelicans on Sunday , 113 - 100 .
Butler added 10 rebounds , six assists and three steals .
Norman Powell started and finished with 19 points , five rebounds and three assists .
Howard has needed to rest after every couple of games , but it 's almost made him more effective when he does play .
The Milwaukee Bucks defeated the Brooklyn Nets , 112 - 103 , at Bradley Center on Saturday .
Myles Turner scored 16 points and added five rebounds and two blocks , but fouled out in overtime .
Miami , who missed the playoffs for the first time in seven years last season , now sits well above .500 and leads the Southeast Division .
Paul George shot just 3 - of - 14 from the field , but the four other members of the starting five hitting double - digit scoring .
Batum filled out the stat sheet with 13 rebounds , eight assists , three steals and a block .
After a rough start to the season , Oklahoma_City is currently in the eighth and final playoff spot in the Western_Conference standings .
The Spurs remain comfortably atop the Western_Conference 's Southwest Division .
The Pelicans begin a three - game road trip Thursday against the Phoenix Suns .
Shooting 5 - for - 8 from the field , he scored 13 points , adding 15 assists and 10 rebounds .
Nick Young was held out of the lineup again by coach Byron Scott .
Wade sat out the last two games with a hamstring injury , so it was good to see him come back and play a full minutes load .
Corey Brewer moved to the bench so that Andrew Wiggins could remain in the starting lineup at small forward .
Gerald Henderson and Allen Crabbe were efficient off the bench and aided the starters with a combined 26 points and nine rebounds .
O'Quinn put up 18 points , 13 rebounds , two steals and one block .
Where the game was ultimately lost , however , was the Magic 's inability to take care of the basketball , as they recorded 21 total turnovers as a team .
The Suns outscored the Nuggets 21 - 11 in fast - break points , and had four less turnovers , but committed 11 more personal fouls , which gave the Nugs a huge advantage at the foul line .
Jamal Crawford was the only bench player to score in double - figures , finishing with 12 points to go with three rebounds and two steals .
DeMarcus Cousins was an unstoppable force in the win , as the Lakers had no way of matching up against him .
Matthews has really struggled with his shot of late , combining to shoot a dreadful 8 - of - 33 from the floor over his last three games .
Al-Farouq Aminu also came off the bench to tally 11 points and eight rebounds .
Orlando has lost three straight and five of their last six games .
The Thunder just were n't able to keep up with Harden and the Rockets while Westbrook sat on the bench .
The Bulls ( 34 - 39 ) have just three wins in their last 12 games , with this being one of the low points of the season .
The double - double marked his eighth of the season , while it was the sixth time he 's recorded double - digit assists .
The Knicks continue their five - game Western_Conference road trip on Saturday against the Warriors .
The Atlanta Hawks defeated the Portland Trail_Blazers at Moda_Center on Monday .
As a team Oklahoma_City shot a strong 52 percent from the field and finished with 26 assists on 41 made field goals .
The Nuggets ' next game will be at home against the Atlanta Hawks on Wednesday , while the Knicks will travel to Utah to play the Jazz on Tuesday .
Omri Casspi hit all four of his three - point attempts to pitch in 20 off the bench , and Darren Collison scored 14 with five assists and a pair of steals .
The Celtics fell to 7 - 6 and currently reside in third place in the Eastern_Conference 's Atlantic Division .
Kemba Walker led the starting five with 16 points , seven assists , three rebounds , a steal and a block .
Boban Marjanovic was the only bench player in double figures , amassing 13 points and 11 rebounds on 5 - of - 7 from the field .
Sophomore guard Devin Booker added more backcourt production , scoring 20 and coming away with two steals .
The Knicks shot 52 percent from the field compared to the Blazers who shot only 42 percent , but were unable to do the little things as they were both out - rebounded and forced into more turnovers than their opponent .
The visitors also received 22 points from their bench , while the Cavs ' reserves could only contribute eight .
Nikola Jokic finished with eight points , 13 rebounds and two assists on 4 - of - 14 shooting across 18 minutes .
He 's had a strong three game stretch over this last week , averaging 19 points , 9 rebounds and 6 assists per game .
As a team , Orlando dished out an impressive 32 assists and shot a stellar 47 percent from the field .
The Blazers backcourt still finished with a good scoring effort , as they combined for 48 points on 38 shots , while Al-Farouq Aminu poured in 26 points on 8 - of - 12 shooting off the bench .
Isaiah Thomas shook off two early turnovers in the first quarter to tally 14 points , a pair of assists , and three steals , but was the only other member of the starting five to post double - digit scoring .
Eric Bledsoe drained the free throws on the other end of the court to extend the lead to five points , which rendered Kent Bazemore 's buzzer beating three pointer useless , as the Suns came away with the home win .
Despite playing just three quarters , DeMarcus Cousins scored 29 points and grabbed 11 rebounds .
The only other Blazer to reach double figures in points was Nicolas Batum who finished with 14 points ( 5 - 8 FG , 1 - 4 3Pt , 3 - 3 FT ) .
The Warriors head to the Big Apple to take on the New_York Knicks on Sunday afternoon , while the Bulls remain home for a Saturday night showdown with the Los_Angeles Clippers .
T.J. Warren finished with 21 points and eight rebounds .
Myles Turner turned one of the more rounded out performances after blocking five shots , to go along with 11 points and six rebounds .
Second on the team was Jordan Clarkson , who scored his 15 off the bench as well .
Courtney Lee managed 11 points , two rebounds , two assists , a steal and a block .
Marcus Smart was a presence off the bench , collecting nine points , seven assists and five steals .
Kristaps Porzingis managed 14 points , two assists and a rebound .
The Bucks move up the coast to play at the Golden_State Warriors on Saturday .
He added 12 points on 4 - of - 5 shooting .
Both teams are well out of playoff contention , but up next , the Jazz will take on the Grizzlies at home on Saturday , while the Kings will travel to Oklahoma_City to play the Thunder on Saturday .
Efficiency was key , as the Jazz recorded 25 assists , while shooting 51 percent from the field .
The Bulls will either be the number two or number three seed .
Carmelo Anthony was second on the team , finishing with 20 points , five rebounds and five assists .
The Knicks improve to 16 - 18 at home this season , where they are fairing well compared to their 10 - 20 road record .
In fact , Boston won or tied the other three quarters , but could n't quite make the full comeback in the fourth .
Kyrie Irving also had 29 points , adding three rebounds , nine assists and two steals to his tally .
The double - double was also his fourth in the last five games .
Bledsoe , who shot 11 - of - 17 and went 14 - of - 14 from the free - throw line , dished out 13 assists and came down with six rebounds .
The Wizards will host the New_York Knicks on Friday .
He 's been on an absolute tear of late , scoring 30 points or more in three of his last four games , while averaging 25 points , 9 rebounds and 3 blocks during that stretch .
Embiid averaged 20 points and 8 rebounds in 31 games before his injury , and Saric has barely missed a beat in his place .
Darren Collison finished second on the team with 18 points , three rebounds and five assists .
The ball movement was the big difference for the Warriors , as they recorded 35 assists to the Rockets 21 .
Boston ( 3 - 3 ) , meanwhile , has been dealing with the injury bug early in the season .
Utah shot 51 percent from the field , while Minnesota shot 44 percent on their end .
They 're home again against the Indiana Pacers on Sunday .
Portland will look to rebound in their next game on Monday when they take on the Nuggets in the second half of a back - to - back .
Glenn Robinson III and Lavoy Allen combined for 24 points and eight rebounds on 11 - of - 13 shooting off the bench .
On deck for the Pelicans is the Portland Trail_Blazers on Monday .
Between Gasol , Rose and Snell , they combined to score 73 of the 104 total points from the Bulls .
He had his best game since coming back from a hamstring injury that forced him to miss twelve games between Feb. 24 and Mar . 24 .
While many predicted a reduced role for Sacramento point guard Rajon Rondo upon the return of backup Darren Collison , coach George Karl instead elected to trot the two guards out alongside one another in Orlando .
He 's had an impressive two - game stretch where he 's averaged 27 points , 10 rebounds and seven assists .
He averaged 22 points in 31 minutes per game in November prior to the injury .
Jameer Nelson started the game at point guard but injured his hip and left before halftime .
Forward James Johnson provided some spark off the bench , though , scoring 20 on 7 - of - 11 from the field .
However , the visitors turned the tables in the middle periods , outscoring their hosts 68 - 41 over the second and third quarters to carry an 81 - 72 lead into the final 12 minutes .
Alexey Shved provided a spark off the bench with 15 points , five rebounds and three assists in 27 minutes .
Westbrook has become no stranger to such stat lines , as he entered the game averaging 32 points , 10 assists , and 10 rebounds per game .
Beal produced 17 points , five boards , four assists , two steals and a block .
Avery Bradley amassed 17 points , four rebounds and two steals .
In fact , those seven rebounds from Drummond marks the first time he has n't cracked double - digits this season .
The Spurs remain atop the Western_Conference 's Southwest Division , and currently hold the second seed in the conference as well .
Sacramento has dropped two straight but have won four of their last seven games .
LeVert added five rebounds , one assist and one steal while Dinwiddie supplied four assists , three rebounds and two steals .
Marcus Smart was the only other Boston player in double figures , amassing 15 points , six rebounds , three assists and four steals .
Adams , who is dealing with a concussion , was sidelined for the tilt .
Maurice Harkless received his first minutes of the regular season after being tied to the bench for the first two games .
The Cleveland Cavaliers defeated the New_York Knicks , 119 - 104 , at Quicken_Loans_Arena on Thursday .
The Heat will host the New_York Knicks on Wednesday for another marquee Eastern_Conference match - up .
The Jazz elicted 21 turnovers from the Suns as well , and held them to 34 percent and 25 percent success rates from the field and three - point range , respectively .
The Heat hit just 70 percent of their free - throws and 39 percent of their three 's .
Toronto dropped both games of a back - to - back set after Saturday 's loss at home .
Tucker was the lone starter to not finish in double figures , but is also the lone option to guard the wings , which has been one of Golden_State ’ s many strong suits .
Kentavious Caldwell-Pope left the game with an Achilles injury after playing just three minutes .
Tyson Chandler scored 18 points ( 8 - 11 FG , 2 - 6 FT ) to go with 20 rebounds .
Jon Leuer was next with 20 points , three rebounds , three assists and one steal .
The Pistons will be in Brooklyn on Monday to play the second game of their current three - game road trip .
Over his last two games , he 's combined for 29 points , 14 rebounds and 10 blocks .
He totaled 13 points and nine assists and did n't seem to have any trouble with his ankle that had been sore early in the week .
Chris Paul added an impressive night with his shot as well .
The Raptors have now won 14 of their last 15 games and sit comfortably at second in the East .
Monta Ellis led the bench with 12 points and three assists over just 14 minutes .
Nikola Jokic was the player of the game , accumulating 22 points , 10 rebounds and seven assists .
Nikola Jokic was the player of the game , accumulating 22 points , 10 rebounds and seven assists .
The Denver Nuggets annihilated the host Boston Celtics on their home court , 123 - 107 .
Brook Lopez did score 17 points , but he committed five turnovers and added just one rebound , one assist and no defensive statistics to his tally .
He also added a pair of steals and a block .
Washington ended up outscoring Orlando by 17 points in the second half to pull out the comeback win .
Frank Kaminsky III 's 13 points paced the bench .
Roy Hibbert , Frank Kaminsky and Spencer Hawes shot a combined 7 - of - 24 ( 29 percent ) from the field en route to scoring just 18 points .
Minnesota was able to bring the final margin to a respectable nine points behind some late baskets , including a 70 run in the final minute .
He 's been shooting the ball well of late , especially from the three - point line , as he 's combined to go 5 - for - 8 from beyond the arc over his last two games .
Since joining the Nets 11 games ago , Young has averaged 13 points and 5 rebounds , but he 's starting to get more and more comfortable , so we could see his numbers on the rise again soon .
Arron Afflalo provided 13 points , four assists , two rebounds and a steal .
James Johnson finished second on the team with 20 points , four rebounds , four assists , two steals and two blocks off the bench .
Carmelo Anthony and Kristaps Porzingis tied the team - lead with 18 points , as Anthony added 11 rebounds , while Porzingis provided four rebounds and three blocks .
After coming off the bench for a large portion of the 2015 - 16 season , Russell has seen an expanded role thus far as a starter under new coach Luke Walton .
Amar ’ e Stoudemire added 20 points and seven rebounds , and Tim Hardaway , Jr. had 16 points off the bench .
Ennis was next among the starters , tallying 13 points , four rebounds , an assist , and two steals .
In the 18 games this season where Hardaway Jr. has scored at least 20 points , the Hawks are just 9 - 9 and have lost three of their last four contests when the shooting guard reaches that milestone of 20 points .
Also , coming off the bench , Dion Waiters finished with 19 points and four assists .
In addition to Chandler leaving after playing just over one minute , Monta Ellis suffered a hip injury and did not return after the first four minutes .
The Cavaliers will take to the road for a game Wednesday in Brooklyn .
Dwyane Wade chipped in 11 points , four assists and two rebounds .
Kanter on the other hand scored 20 points ( 10 - 16 FG , 0 - 1 3Pt ) , to go along with six rebounds before fouling out .
Jahlil Okafor topped the Sixers in points , tallying 20 and adding seven rebounds , two steals and two blocks .
They 'll look to end the protraction of their losing streak when they host the Detroit Pistons on Monday .
Watson scored 18 points of his own .
With Kobe Bryant out of the picture with a torn rotator cuff , Los_Angeles turned to several players to help compensate for Bryant ’ s absence .
It was the fourth consecutive loss for New_York , which also fell to Washington , Detroit and Brooklyn this week .
He also was able to post three blocks and two steals .
He was , however , able to record seven assists and seven rebounds .
Sacramento lost three straight games coming into their matchup with the Spurs , and it was starting to appear as though their hot start to the season was simply a streak of good luck .
Steven Adams supplied a modest eight points but did haul in 11 boards , while also recording three assists , two steals and a block .
The Magic will finish their current two - game roadtrip against the Detroit Pistons on Monday .
Miami out - rebounded the Lakers 47 - 36 in the victory and thoroughly dominated them down low .
The Clippers ( 22 - 14 ) are in a nightmare slump right now , as they 've lost five - straight games .
Jusuf Nurkic was the only other player in double figures , as he tallied 12 points , 11 rebounds , two assists and three blocks .
Giannis Antetokounmpo added a double - double , finishing with 12 points ( 4 - 9 FG , 0 - 1 3Pt , 4 - 8 FT ) and 12 rebounds .
He 's really turned it on over his last four games , posting three double - doubles during that span .
Derrick Rose shot poorly , going only 4 - 14 from the field , he finished with 10 points and eight assists , one steal and one block .
Bradley Beal , still coming off the bench , poured in 17 points and added three rebounds , an assist and a pair of steals to pace the reserves .
Charlie Villanueva led the Mavericks in scoring with 20 points in 23 minutes off the bench to go along with a 29 plus/minus .
They head to Oklahoma_City to take on the Thunder on Wednesday .
Conley was n't the only jack - of - all - trades displaying a wide array of skills on Wednesday , however .
Wroten went 7 - for - 13 from the field and 1 - for - 4 from the three - point line to score a team - high of 22 points , while also adding four assists and a pair of steals .
Guard Avery Bradley , meanwhile , scored 15 of his own to go with four rebounds and three assists .
Kevin Love has had a great start to the 2016 - 17 season and has looked like his old self , averaging 22 points and 11 rebounds per game thus far .
Over his last four games he 's averaging 22 points and 7 assists per game , so he 's played a big part in the Suns ' success .
The Raptors ' next game will be on the road against the Cleveland Cavliers on Tuesday , while the Nuggets will be at home against the Miami Heat on Tuesday as well .
He added two steals and a block as well .
Up next , the Thunder will travel to Indiana Sunday to play the Pacers , while the Kings will head to Denver and take on the Nuggets on Sunday .
Dallas will travel to Miami to take on the Heat on Friday , and the Rockets will head to Boston to face the Celtics on Friday .
The Magic shot just 42 percent and hit only six three - pointers on the night .
Tony Snell added 13 points on 5 - of - 9 shooting , including 3 - of - 6 from long range .
Despite passing for 15 assists , Chris Paul shot just 2 - of - 9 for eight points .
In the end , however , it was Charlotte 's defensive effort that guided them to victory , as the team tallied up 10 steals and forced the opposition into 15 total turnovers .
Despite being down 51 - 46 at halftime , the Grizzlies were able to out - score the Lakers 34 - 23 in the third quarter , giving them enough of an edge to get the victory on the road in Los_Angeles .
Kristaps Porzingis followed with 24 points , along with eight boards .
Mirza Teletovic was a nice spark off the bench , as he scored 19 of his own .
Julius Randle matched Deng 's point total , and Lou Williams paced the second unit with 14 points .
Meanwhile , the Heat will seek to carry the momentum from their victory into their next game , a home matchup against Atlanta .
Strong bench play also bolstered the Suns ' play , as Alex Len and Brandon Knight came off the bench for 14 and 17 , respectively .
Avery Bradley was similarly diverse with 15 points , 10 rebounds , four steals and two assists .
Dwyane Wade was the only Miami starter in double figures with 16 points ( 8 - 13 FG ) .
Superstar point guard Chris Paul scored 18 points to go with seven rebounds , six assists , and four steals .
The Detroit Pistons defeated the visiting Minnesota Timberwolves , 116 - 108 , at The Palace Of Auburn Hills on Friday evening .
McDaniels followed with a bench - leading 16 points , which he supplemented with eight rebounds , one assist , two steals and one block .
In addition to Powell ’ s solid contributions , several Dallas starters were able to post strong games to help the Mavs overtake and subsequently pull away from the Pelicans in the second half .
Datome was the only starter to score in double figures for the Celtics , but both Jonas Jerebko and Kelly Olynyk were able to each score 16 points in 23 and 22 minutes off the bench respectively .
Fill-in point guard Marcus Smart scored 11 points and dished nine assists .
Marc Gasol was n't far behind , as he collected 28 points , seven rebounds and five assists .
Sacramento will try to keep the good times rolling when they embark on a four - game road trip that begins against the Brooklyn Nets on Monday .
Larry Nance Jr. hauled in 11 rebounds , to go along with four points , two blocks , one assist and one steal , in 34 minutes off the bench .
He added four rebounds .
At just .500 , Cleveland is still the sixth seed .
He finished with 15 points and eight assists , while shooting 6 - for - 10 from the floor and 3 - for - 6 from deep .
Boston ( 30 - 18 ) has now won four straight games despite the absence of starting shooting guard Avery Bradley .
Conley supplemented his aforementioned scoring total with five assists , four rebounds and two steals .
They forced the Bucks ( 20 - 22 ) into 12 turnovers , while also limiting them to 41 percent shooting overall .
The Rockets have a couple days off to recover before finishing up their four - game road trip Sunday against the Clippers .
Myles Turner added 18 points and six rebounds , while C.J .
Dallas has been locked into the seventh seed in the Western_Conference playoffs for some time now .
The Bucks were also able to force the Hawks into 23 turnovers , even furthering their advantage in a 30 - point blow out win .
Philadelphia has a good chance to continue their recent good stretch against the Los_Angeles Lakers on Friday .
The New_York Knicks defeated the Memphis Grizzlies , 111 - 104 , at Madison_Square_Garden on Saturday .
Rudy Gay added 22 points , while Darren Collison pitched in 21 points .
The Cleveland Cavaliers defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves , 125 - 97 , at Quicken_Loans_Arena on Wednesday .
Rivers ’ participation was questionable due to his cushion - throwing antics during Wednesday ’ s game , which resulted in a fine but no suspension .
The New_Orleans Pelicans defeated the Brooklyn Nets , 104 - 95 , at Barclays_Center on Thursday .
Antetokounmpo provided 24 points , eight rebounds , five assists , three blocks and two steals to lead Milwaukee .
The Hawks ' next game will be on the road against the Utah Jazz on Friday , while the Cavaliers will be at home against the Milwuakee Bucks on Wednesday .
Wade slipped and took an awkward fall , suffering a bruised left knee that sidelined him for the remainder of the game .
Not every Lakers was as cold as Ingram , however , as the team hit an impressive 12 three - pointers .
LeBron James collected 25 points , six rebounds and nine assists .
The former added three rebounds and an assist , while the latter had an outstanding defensive game as well , contributing six rebounds , four blocks and three steals .
Andrew Wiggins followed up with 21 points , while Zach LaVine chipped in 20 points .
He 's averaging only 9 points on the year , so it was a nice surprise for the Bulls .
Frank Kaminsky III was next with 12 points , four rebounds , an assist and a steal .
Valanciunas missed Friday 's game following the birth of his son , so it was good to see him come back without missing a beat .
Sacramento , meanwhile , saw a triple - double from Cousins .
Up next , the Warriors will look to keep things rolling in Memphis against the Grizzlies on Friday , while the Bulls will head to Phoenix on Friday to take on the Suns .
Wayne Ellington chipped in with 13 points ( 6 - 16 FG , 1 - 7 3Pt ) and five rebounds as well .
The Clippers will visit the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 25 - 49 ) on Wednesday , while the Celtics will head north to take on the Portland Trail_Blazers ( 39 - 36 ) on Thursday .
They are now 3 - 4 since trading for him and he 's had a huge impact in every win .
Tristan Thompson posted his own double - double with 11 points , 12 rebounds , an assist and a steal .
The Suns had a couple of players put up good numbers but a total of 22 turnovers contributed to the team losing their sixth contest in a row .
The Mavericks ' next game will come at home against the Orlando Magic on Wednesday , while the Thunder will take on the Boston Celtics on Wednesday .
Zach LaVine got the start at point guard and finished with 20 points , seven rebounds , and four assists over 37 minutes .
Chicago will host the down - and - out New_York Knicks on Thursday .
Devin Harris was the only bench player in double figures , tallying 14 points , three rebounds and two assists .
Jabari Parker went for eight points , 10 rebounds and nine assists .
Even with Kobe Bryant lighting up the box score with 28 points ( 10 - 26 FG , 3 - 10 3Pt , 5 - 6 FT ) , to go along with seven rebounds , six assists and four steals , it just was n't enough .
The Bucks shot 54 percent from the field and 50 percent from three - point range , while the Pistons shot 41 percent from the field and 27 percent from long distance .
On deck for Philly is a home matchup versus the Brooklyn Nets on Tuesday , The Raptors ( 47 - 30 ) are 8 - 1 across their last nine games , with the one - seed in the east now being in reach .
Thompson five boards and an assist to his aforementioned 21 points .
Wilson Chandler also scored 25 points , adding 10 rebounds off the bench .
He has posted a double - double in all three games this season and is averaging 19 points and 13 rebounds .
He did n't have much of an impact in Monday 's game against the Sacramento Kings , so it was a nice bounce back game for him .
Matt Barnes added a double - double with 13 points and 13 rebounds .
Los_Angeles , meanwhile , struggled in large part due to Paul 's off night .
The forward had 29 points on 11 - of - 20 shooting , including three three - pointers .
J.R. Smith was next with 13 points , four rebounds , four assists and three steals .
Ricky Rubio finished with 18 points and nine rebounds and Nikola Pekovic finished with a double - double .
Chandler Parsons exited the game in the third quarter with knee soreness and did not return .
Five players , including three starters , posted double - digit point totals , and all but one , C.J .
With Isaiah Canaan dealing with an illness , the Sixers decided to bring him off the bench , while inserting Ish Smith as a starter .
Rookie and starting point guard D'Angelo Russell put in 13 points , four rebounds and two assists in 27 minutes .
Tyler Ulis provided 16 points and Marquese Chriss tallied 13 .
Cody Zeller posted nine points , six rebounds and a block , while Marco Belinelli led the reserves with 13 points , five rebounds , an assist and two steals in 28 minutes .
They 've dropped seven of their last nine games to fall 7 games behind the East-leading Atlanta Hawks .
The Atlanta Hawks defeated the Washington Wizards , 114 - 99 , at Philips_Arena on Thursday .
The Bulls shot 11 - 22 from three - point range but committed 21 turnovers , and that sloppiness ended up costing them .
He 's on an impressive stretch of three games where he 's averaging 22 points , five rebounds and 3 steals per game .
O.J .
O.J .
O.J .
O.J .
O.J .
O.J .
O.J .
O.J .
O.J .
O.J .
O.J .
O.J .
The Bulls ’ Derrick Rose was actually held scoreless until the fourth quarter , and finished with only eight points .
He 's combined for 37 points and 12 rebounds over his last two games , while his three steals matched a season - high .
Nikola Vucevic continued his extremely strong start to the season .
Vince Carter provided 10 points , two rebounds and two assists .
He 's played well of late , combining for 51 points and 14 assists over his last two games .
Cleveland cruised the rest of the way to a 20 - point victory .
As a team , Oklahoma_City committed 18 turnovers to Toronto 's eight , but were also able to score 17 points off turnovers , while the Raptors were only able to score nine .
The Sixers conclude a three - game road trip Saturday against the New_York Knicks .
Mayo came off the bench and had a huge game for Milwaukee .
Despite shooting just 7 - for - 20 in regulation , C.J .
The shooting guard amassed 20 points , four rebounds , three assists and two steals .
Chris Paul left the game with a sprained thumb after registering 14 minutes of action , but he was not needed to continue the blowout down the stretch .
The aggressive nature of Indiana can be emphasized by the fact that they recorded 16 steals in the victory .
Lucas Nogueira was the secret weapon though , as he recorded 10 rebounds , three steals and five blocks off the bench .
It was arguably his best game of the season , as both the points and assists were season - highs .
Rodney Stuckey also had a solid game .
Carter-Williams has struggled with his shot lately , combining to go 7 - for - 22 from the field over his two previous games , so it was a step in the right direction for the guard , who recorded a new season - high in points .
The team buried 13 - of - 31 three - point shots .
New_York came into this game with a patchwork lineup after Carmelo Anthony was sidelined with lingering knee issues .
Dallas has won six straight games .
Shabazz Muhammad led the team with 20 points and Gorgui Dieng tallied 14 points , eight rebounds , two steals and two blocks off the bench .
The severity of the injury was not available after the game .
The offseason acquisition also went a perfect 12 - of - 12 from the free throw line .
The Pacers shot 47 percent from the floor and committed only eight turnovers .
Jason Smith chipped in 19 points , while Langston Galloway added 15 and eight rebounds .
Melo was two assists shy of a triple - double in his return .
Steven Adams was solid at the center position and finished with 14 points , eight rebounds and four assists , in 28 minutes .
Evan Fournier and Serge Ibaka followed with a pair of 16 - point efforts for the Magic , with the former adding four boards , three assists and two steals , and the latter posting four rebounds , an assist , a steal and a block .
He had a brutal game shooting the ball against the Bulls on Sunday , so it was good to see him have a bounce back game .
Westbrook grabbed an impressive six steals , however his six turnovers nullified that hard work on defense .
Dudley has missed seven of the past 10 games with a back injury .
Thompson added was absent from the box score in terms of rebounding and assists , but he buried 5 - of - 8 from deep in 30 minutes .
Indiana has won six of their last ten to keep themselves in the playoff conversation while weathering the injuries they 've had early in the season .
The Trail_Blazers dominated the Pelicans on the boards , out - rebounding them 51 - 35 .
The Heat did have a key player return to the starting lineup Thursday with Hassan Whiteside getting the nod at center .
The Cleveland Cavaliers defeated the visiting New_York Knicks , 117 - 88 , at Quicken_Loans_Arena on Tuesday .
Rudy Gay was n't far behind and added 29 points of his own , shooting an outstanding 9 - for - 12 from the field and 3 - for - 3 from three - point land .
Frank Kaminsky was second on the team , as he tallied 22 points and three rebounds off the bench .
Westbrook 's 39 points were more than the other four starters combined .
The Charlotte Hornets defeated the Sacramento Kings , 99 - 85 , at Golden_1_Center on Saturday afternoon .
John Wall was also big for the Wizards , as he scored 18 points , and handed out 13 assists .
No other Miami player managed double - digit scoring , with Luke Babbitt ( nine points ) coming the closest .
Al Jefferson posted 11 points and six boards in 20 minutes off the bench .
As for the Trail_Blazers ( 29 - 37 ) , it was complete opposite kind of effort .
McCollum posted a modest 16 points on 5 - of - 18 shooting , along with four rebounds , four assists and three steals .
They tied the game 100 - 100 on a Westbrook three - pointer with 3:12 on the clock .
Otto Porter chipped in 11 points , six rebounds , three assists and two steals .
Otto Porter chipped in 11 points , six rebounds , three assists and two steals .
Marc Gasol totaled 10 points , eight rebounds , four assists and two steals .
Bryant scored 15 points on 4 - of - 13 shooting , while the backcourt duo of Jordan Clarkson and D ’ Angelo Russell combined for 28 points and six assists .
Nikola Vucevic managed to record 14 points and eight rebounds , while Tobias Harris and Elfrid Payton recorded 13 and 12 points respectively .
Nene Hilario was a nice spark off the bench , providing 14 points and seven rebounds .
Cousins ' struggles were contagious , as the team overall shot just 35 percent from the field , 28 percent from behind the arc and a lowly 58 percent from the free throw line .
Richaun Holmes totaled 15 points , seven boards and one steal .
Miles ( knee ) , the Pacers simply could n't match up with the Suns ' bench .
The Bulls shot 6 - of - 20 from three and had just 17 assists to go with 15 turnovers as a team .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 31 - 24 ) took down the Chicago Bulls ( 27 - 25 ) Wednesday night at the United_Center , 113 - 90 .
It remains a seemingly impossible statistical season for Oklahoma_City 's Russell Westbrook , as the point guard narrowly missed his third triple - double in the season 's first nine games .
On the injury front , Shelvin Mack left the game with a strained calf .
Anthony Davis had the most success for the Pelicans .
Lowry went for 18 points , seven assists , three rebounds and a steal .
T.J Warren , Devin Booker , Eric Bledsoe and Brandon Knight combined for 87 of the Suns 110 points .
The San_Antonio Spurs defeated the Houston Rockets , 112 - 110 , Monday at AT & T Center .
Al-Farouq Aminu came off the bench to provide nine points and 12 boards .
Miles each scored 24 points to lead Indiana past the Pistons .
The Toronto starters outscored the Los_Angeles starters , 70 - 34 .
He only scored a combined 13 points over his last two outings , so it was a huge bounce back game for him .
Avery Bradley supplied 13 points , three rebounds , two assists and two steals .
Rodney McGruder supplied 11 points , two assists , one rebound and two steals .
Nene Hill was sidelined with an ankle injury , which moved veteran Drew Gooden into the starting lineup .
Nene tallied 18 points , seven rebounds , two assists and two steals in the win , while going 9 - for - 10 from the field .
Fournier finished with a plus - 19 plus/minus to go along with 16 points , six rebounds and three assists .
Courtney Lee followed with 14 points , three assists and one steal .
So , while he has amped up his production with more of the burden on his shoulders , he 'll have to work to increase his efficiency at the same time .
The Boston Celtics defeated the Portland Trail_Blazers , 120 - 111 , at Moda_Center on Thursday .
Coming just short of his own double - double , Luc Richard Mbah A Moute recorded 10 points ( 4 - 9 FG , 2 - 6 3Pt , 0 - 4 FT ) , eight rebounds and four assists .
Washington will look to start digging out of this hole on Saturday , as they travel to play the Chicago Bulls for their next game .
Despite Davis 's absurd individual achievements , the Pelicans remain winless .
He 's had a strong stretch of games , combining for 44 points and 25 rebounds over his last two .
Although starting shooting guard Gary Harris ( ankle ) missed the tilt in Los_Angeles , Denver seemingly had no trouble making up for his missing offensive output .
Chris Paul had a double - double of 16 points and 11 assists , but he shot a disappointing 5 - of - 13 from the field .
Cleveland star LeBron James rested during the contest .
His scoring has dipped lately , scoring under his average in four straight games , but it did n't matter Wednesday , as the Blazers still secured the win .
Rudy Gay either knocked down his midrange jumpers , but failed to convert a three - pointer , as he finished 0 - of - 3 from behind the arc .
Jon Leuer led the bench with eight points and three rebounds .
The Trail_Blazers are fourth in the West .
The Nets saw Bojan Bogdanovic lead them with 26 points in 27 minutes off the bench , a total he supplemented with four rebounds and two assists .
Maurice Harkless was next with 18 points , seven rebounds , two blocks and a steal .
The Suns fell to 12 - 24 and currently reside in fourth place in the Western_Conference 's Pacific Division .
Marreese Speights , starting in place of Andrew Bogut ( rest ) had 20 points ( 9 - 16 FG ) , and Harrison Barnes finished with 18 to go with six rebounds .
Over 13 games , he 's averaging 9 points , 2 rebounds and 2 assists , while playing just below 26 minutes per game .
Tristan Thompson continued to start at center with Anderson Varejao out for the season .
Holiday 's amazing line was tarnished by nine turnovers .
Young posted 12 points but hauled in 11 rebounds .
The Charlotte Hornets defeated the Philadelphia 76ers , 109 - 93 , at Spectrum_Center on Wednesday .
The Knicks ( 23 - 34 ) have now lost five of their last six games .
Green led the team in assists with eight , rebounds with seven , blocks with six , and steals with four .
While Toronto sits second in the Eastern_Conference , they 're off to a 1 - 4 start in January .
Orlando has been better than their 0 - 3 record would indicate coming into the game , as they lost the first three games by a combined nine points .
They ’ re currently locked into the four seed because they lead their division , even though they have a worse record than the five seed Los Angeles Clippers .
He had seven rebounds which tied the likes of Carlos Boozer , Ryan Kelly and Robert Sacre .
Batum registered 15 points , six rebounds , three assists , a steal and a block .
Like Gasol , he 's turned it on offensively of late , posting 20 or more points in four of his last five games .
Bojan Bogdanovic totaled 17 points , seven boards , two assists , a steal and a block .
Bass added 11 points on 4 - of - 7 shooting off the bench , but helped bring his team within striking distance of the Nuggets down the stretch , forcing a couple of turnovers and defending both the paint and wing at an exceptional level .
The Pistons ( 11 - 10 ) endured their share of offensive struggles in the early going of the season , including a recent stretch where they failed to hit the 100 - point mark in four of six contests .
The Knicks ( 16 - 18 ) have now lost five - straight games , as they continue to fall down the standings .
Nicolas Batum generated 11 points , eight assists , five rebounds , four steals and one block .
Rookie Dante Exum had six points of his own , coming via a pair of three - pointers .
The Texas A & M product has now shot 63 percent from the field over his last two games , and collected 69 points in the process .
Despite their losing streak , that was snapped on Wednesday , they still hold a top five record in the Western_Conference .
Tim Hardaway Jr. and Cleanthony Early each missed their third straight game due to injury .
Patrick Beverley collected 16 points , seven rebounds and six assists .
Tobias Harris and Nikola Vucevic each scored 16 points , while Evan Fournier ( 18 ) and Aaron Gordon ( 13 ) combined to score 31 points off the bench .
Marc Gasol was just as good , amassing 28 points , seven rebounds and five assists .
Rookie P.J .
Ryan Kelly 's 20 point performance was n't enough to bring the Lakers to victory , as he went 5 - of - 6 from the three - point line in 33 minutes .
Taj Gibson collected 19 points , four rebounds , an assist and a block .
The Sixers ( 28 - 49 ) have now lost six of their last eight games , as they continue to limp to the finish line .
Wednesday 's team performance was the perfect example .
They next head to Oklahoma_City for a showdown with the Thunder on Sunday .
While he scored 22 , he shot just 6 - of - 18 on the night .
In order to seal the win , the Pacers used a superior rebounding performance , out - rebounding the Heat 55 - 37 .
For Atlanta , sixth man Tim Hardaway Jr. posted 26 points in 21 minutes .
With starting center Ian Mahinmi out due to a back injury , Jordan Hill made the start in the middle .
Rookie Elfrid Payton struggled to find his shot and went 3 - for - 14 from the field to score nine points , while also adding seven assists .
The Bulls are sitting pretty at third in the East , trying to maintain home - court advantage .
After going six straight games with less than 10 points , he 's returned to form and has gone three straight in double figures .
Ersan Ilyasova had 20 points ( 8 - 19 , 4 - 6 3Pt ) , Antetokounmpo had 23 ( 7 - 19 FG ) , Zaza Pachulia had 22 ( 9 - 16 FG ) and Michael Carter-Williams had 19 ( 7 - 26 FG , 0 - 1 3Pt ) .
Bojan Bogdanovic scored a team - high 23 points , while Sean Kilpatrick added 22 points of his own .
He didn ’ t return , finished the game with one block and one steal in 11 minutes .
This all comes after Morrow appeared in just eight of the Thunder 's first 15 games and notched a total of 60 minutes in that time .
Nikola Mirotic was a nice spark off the bench , totaling 14 points and six boards .
The Pistons are now five games behind the Nets in the East , and their playoff chances look bleak .
Playing without Ricky Rubio , who rolled his ankle in Friday ’ s overtime loss to Orlando , Minnesota turned to rookie Zach LeVine fill in at point guard .
Mayo ( hamstring ) were out against the Nets .
Curry shot just 3 - of - 14 on the night .
Coming off the bench , Anthony Morrow continued to offer consistent production ever since coming back from his MCL injury .
He shot a combined 7 - for - 24 from the field over his last two games , so it was refreshing to see him find increased succes during Friday 's matchup .
Bradley Beal carried Washington , as he contributed 32 points , three rebounds , four assists and two steals .
Rudy Gay was limited to four points on 1 - of - 8 shooting .
Orlando cut into the deficit late in the game , but the outcome was already decided .
Curry finished with just 11 points on 4 - of - 12 shooting , but Marreese Speights and Andre Iguodala scored 18 apiece off the bench to help offset Curry 's outing .
It marked his fourth double - double of the season , pushing his season averages to 17 points and 9 rebounds per game .
Jeremy Lin was the third player in double figures on the second unit , registering 11 points , five rebounds , three assists and a block .
He went 8 - for - 11 from the field and 6 - for - 8 from beyond the arc to score 25 points .
The Clippers found out just before the game that All-Star power forward Blake Griffin will undergo surgery to clean out a staph infection in his right elbow .
McCollum who added 15 points five rebounds and four assists .
Clint Capela recorded another double - double , totaling 13 points and 10 rebounds .
Antetokounmpo had an all - around night with 13 points ( 6 - 12 FG ) , eight rebounds and four assists .
The Trail_Blazers ' next game will be at home against the Detroit Pistons on Friday , while the Rockets will travel to Utah to play the Jazz on Thursday .
Tobias Harris provided 14 points , seven rebounds and one steal .
Nikola Vucevic went just 4 - of - 12 from the field , but finished with eight points and 11 rebounds .
Denver shot 56 percent from the field , while Orlando shot 49 percent on their end .
The Kentucky product is back on form halfway through the season after a mishap in Dallas last year , and over his last 10 games , Rondo is averaging 12 assists .
The Celtics ( 10 - 7 ) continued to surge with heir fourth win in their last five games .
The Nuggets played one of their best games of the season here to win their fourth game in their last five .
To make matters worse , the Kings have now lost six of their last eight games and the organization has little reason to be optimistic going forward .
No other starter had more than four points , five rebounds or two assists .
Khris Middleton added 11 points in 23 minutes , and Brandon Knight chipped in 10 points , 9 rebounds and seven assists as the only other Bucks player in double - figures .
Derrick Rose was held out of action due to knee soreness , and Tony Snell started in his absence .
Rebounding , however , proved to be an issue for the Wizards , as they pulled down just 32 boards to New_York 's 46 .
In fact , Charlotte won the fourth quarter , 28 - 13 .
Mason Plumlee added 11 points and 10 rebounds , while Bojan Bogdanovic had 12 points in 32 minutes .
Bradley Beal 's 28 points ( 12 - 18 FG ) set the pace .
Marco Belinelli was productive off the bench as well with 11 points , two assists and one rebound .
The three - headed monster continues to put up good stat lines as the Suns look to improve on the eighth - best record in the Western_Conference .
Despite being out - rebounded 46 - 41 , the Suns were able to force the Timberwolves into 22 turnovers , which may have been the difference in this one .
Brooklyn will look to keep rolling on Sunday in a home matchup versus the Atlanta Hawks .
DeMarcus Cousins went into beast mode during the first half , and was unstoppable on the glass and in the paint .
The Mavericks were able to force 20 Clippers turnovers by the end of the night .
He also recorded a block .
Bradley Beal amassed 19 points , two rebounds , four assists and three steals .
Jameer Nelson sat out Wednesday with a shoulder injury .
With Rodney Stuckey playing in limited action off the bench due to an illness and George Hill sitting out with a groin injury , both C.J .
However , Beal significantly outplayed him off the bench , posting 22 points , five rebounds and an assist over 22 minutes .
It was the most points he 's scored since January sixteenth , so we 'll see if he 's able to continue with the momentum moving forward .
While the Raptors will look to keep their good fortunes going on Tuesday in Dallas , Milwaukee will be in need of better luck .
Since joining the Heat nine games ago , he 's averaging 16 points , 3 rebounds , 5 assists and 2 steals per game .
Muhammad has now combined to score 96 points in his last four games , as he 's become a central piece to the Timberwolves offense with all of the injuries .
Timothe Luwawu-Cabarrot added 18 points for the 76ers , who were without forward Robert Covington because of a right knee injury .
The Nuggets outscored the Bucks 34 - 16 in the third quarter and that was the difference in the game .
Golden_State now holds just a three - game lead over the Memphis Grizzlies in the Western_Conference standings .
The Warriors face a primetime matchup in Oklahoma_City on Saturday night .
Phoenix has been struggling as of late , although they won their last two games previous to this one , they are still 3 - 7 in their last 10 .
The Jazz shot 50 percent from the field and kept the turnovers to a minimum , with only six .
Robin Lopez tallied 16 points , eight rebounds and one block .
Up next , the Pistons host the Bucks at The Palace_of_Auburn_Hills on Friday .
He has had at least 15 rebounds in four of his last five games .
It was notably the 23 - year - old 's first 20 - point - plus effort since Dec. 5 against the Clippers , a stretch of 12 games prior to tonight .
The team stats went in favor of the Jazz , specifically the rebounding battle , which they won 45 - 35 , and scoring points off turnovers , which Charlotte coughed up 20 , as compared to Utah ’ s 10 total .
Kemba Walker didn ’ t shoot much better , as he went 4 - for - 13 to tally 14 points , four assists and four steals in the loss .
Tim Hardaway has stepped into the starting lineup in their absence , and he finished with double - digit points for the fourth straight game Tuesday .
The Raptors shot 54 percent from the field , while the Lakers shot just 34 percent .
He 's struggled over the Bucks ' last two games , combining for only 12 points , so it was good to see him get back on track .
The Hornets ( 27 - 35 ) were in particular need of a win coming in to Saturday , as they 'd dropped seven of their previous nine games .
Victor Oladipo is expected to miss most of the first month of the season recovering from surgery to fix a facial fracture , and Channing Frye was unavailable as he continues to work his way back from an MCL sprain in his knee .
The Lakers , meanwhile , received troubling news , as rookie Brandon Ingram was forced to leave the game with a knee injury after just four minutes of play .
Phoenix owns the eighth best record in the Western_Conference .
Miami certainly seemed like the fresher team , jumping out to a 29 - 22 first quarter lead , and increasing that edge to 62 - 47 by intermission .
Jerian Grant totaled eight points , three assists , a rebound and a block , and Taj Gibson , the only other member besides Carter-Williams and Lopez to take the court , tallied two points , five rebounds and one assist .
He 's turned it on offensively , scoring 15 or more points in three out of his last four games .
As for the bench , Evan Turner saw 24 minutes of action , while Allen Crabbe had a heavier workload and logged 34 minutes of play .
Gallinari went for 20 points , five boards , one assist and two steals .
Toronto will aim for back - to - back victories , and their third in four games , during Friday 's matchup against the Eastern_Conference-leading Atlanta Hawks .
Kentavious Caldwell-Pope 's 20 points paced Detroit .
Carmelo Anthony has begun to cede some of the offensive responsibility to sophomore sensation Kristaps Porzingis in some games due to the latter 's emergence , and such was the case when these two teams met just two nights prior .
Both Udonis Haslem ( quad ) and Chris Andersen ( ribs ) did not play .
Tucker was a nice spark off the bench , providing 10 points and seven rebounds .
Tyreke Evans also had another impressive outing , as he tallied 19 points , 12 rebounds , five assists and four steals .
Up next , the Nuggets will look to continue their winning ways against the Raptors on Friday , while the Suns will attempt to turn things around Friday against the Pacers .
The only other Timberwolve 's player to reach double figures in points was Zach LaVine , who came off the bench for 11 points ( 3 - 9 FG , 1 - 2 3Pt , 4 - 5 FT ) and five rebounds .
Randle had 25 points and 12 rebounds while shooting 9 - of - 12 .
The Pelicans shot 8 - 19 from three - point range and 27 - 37 from the foul line .
Monta Ellis was next in line with 14 points , six rebounds and a pair of assists , and George Hill followed him with 10 points , seven assists , six rebounds and a pair of steals .
The Atlanta Hawks defeated the host Cleveland Cavaliers , 114 - 100 , at Quicken_Loans_Arena on Friday .
Harrison Barnes followed with 21 points , eight boards and an assist .
Trevor Booker amassed nine points , eight rebounds and two steals in the defeat .
K.J .
K.J .
K.J .
K.J .
K.J .
K.J .
K.J .
K.J .
K.J .
K.J .
K.J .
K.J .
Up next , the Spurs will remain home Thursday to take on the 76ers , while the Thunder will head home Wednesday and play the Bulls .
The Magic have won four of their last six games as their schedule has softened over the last two weeks .
The Trail_Blazers are fourth in the Western_Conference , ahead of the fifth place Clippers by way of tiebreaker .
The Celtics shot 47 percent from the field , despite hitting only 63 percent of their free - throws .
T.J. Warren scored 18 points off the bench , going 8 - for - 10 from the field .
Serge Ibaka paced the Magic overall with 29 points , while Evan Fournier was next on the first unit with 23 points .
The defensive powerhouse was ruled out indefinitely following an MCL sprain suffered during Wednesday 's practice .
Five players scored in double digits , but no one recorded more than 15 points .
With the Thunder so far , he 's averaged 15 points and 10 rebounds over three games .
However , Tony Parker did n't exit the game by choice , as lingering hip soreness sent him to the bench after 25 minutes on the court .
Kobe Bryant struggled with his shot Sunday , as he went only 6 - for - 18 from the floor and 0 - for - 5 from the three - point .
Steph Curry finished with 18 points , four rebounds and five assists .
Love has notched two double - doubles in as many games and has eight on the season .
The Thunder committed only 10 turnovers and shot 47 percent from the floor .
Backcourt mate Kemba Walker was right behind with 17 points , four rebounds , three assists and a pair of steals .
Cody Zeller played seven minutes before leaving the game with a sprained right shoulder and did not return .
Point guard Raymond Felton , meanwhile , scored another 18 and shot 7 - of - 14 from the field .
Portland has won four straight games .
He had 17 of the 24 total bench points for the Cavs .
The bench really was n't a factor , as only one bench player recorded over 15 minutes .
In contrast , the six players who came off the Boston bench combined for just 20 points , 12 rebounds , three assists and four steals .
New_Orleans will look to keep rolling on Tuesday in a home matchup versus the Memphis Grizzlies .
He 's now averaging 24 points , 7 rebounds and 7 assists on the year .
Jon Leuer shot only 3 - 11 from the field , but finished with a double - double of 10 points and 11 rebounds , along with four assists and three blocked shots as a starter .
The Knicks have now dropped 13 games in a row .
T.J. McConnell accumulated 13 points , three rebounds , eight assists and two steals .
He did n't have the best night shooting the ball , but still finished with 12 points ( 4 - 12 FG , 1 - 5 3Pt , 3 - 8 FT ) , to go along with four assists .
He did manage to pitch in seven rebounds , 12 assists and two steals .
The New_York Knicks defeated the Indiana Pacers , 118 - 111 , at Madison_Square_Garden on Monday .
Nik Stauskas was a huge spark off the bench , dropping 20 points .
Houston had 16 turnovers on the game , while shooting a respectable 48 percent from the field .
Dallas , meanwhile , took a more balanced approach .
The Pistons conclude a four - game road trip Saturday against the Utah Jazz .
He 's gone a combined 21 - of - 39 from the field to score 50 points over his last two games since returning from the All-Star break , as his confidence is through the roof .
Shane Larkin pitched in 13 points , six assists and four steals , in 27 minutes off the bench .
Alexis Ajinca was the only other Pelican in double figures , as he amassed 12 points , 10 rebounds , three steals and two blocks .
The Nuggets ( 40 - 42 ) were the former , and the difference in the matchup ended up simply being that Denver had Nikola Jokic and their counterparts did n't .
LeBron James finished with 25 points , six rebounds and nine assists .
Chicago was unsurprisingly led by their two most rested starters .
He 's on a very strong stretch of four games , averaging 23 points , 6 assists and 3 steals over that span .
Julius Randle recorded a double - double , totaling 13 points and 11 rebounds .
They head back home to await the San_Antonio Spurs for a Wednesday tilt .
The Warriors are 5 - 2 in those contests , with the two losses being surprising ones to the Lakers and Heat .
Injuries can be blamed for most of their woes .
He 's played outstanding over his last three games , averaging 21 points and nine rebounds over that stretch .
Turnovers are what killed the Nets , as they committed 21 of them , while forcing just nine .
The Warriors have topped 100 points in 11 straight contests as well .
LaMarcus Aldridge was removed from the game with a left thumb injury in the second quarter and did n't return .
The former also supplied four assists , two rebounds and a steal , while the latter registered two rebounds and an assist .
The Nuggets were guilty of 15 turnovers overall .
James Johnson chipped in 14 points and six rebounds , while starting center Bismack Biyombo crashed the offensive and defensive glass to the tune of 13 boards .
Damian Lillard sat this one out , making it six games that he has missed due to plantar fasciitis .
Five players scored in double digits , including two off the bench .
Williams followed closely behind with 25 points , four rebounds and two steals .
The Celtics ' next game will be at home against the Atlanta Hawks on Wednesday , while the Pelicans will be on the road against the Detroit Pistons on Wednesday .
The Warriors ' next game will be at home against the New_Orleans Pelicans on Thursday , while the Magic will travel to Los_Angeles to play the Clippers on Wednesday .
Ricky Rubio led the team in assists , accruing 13 points , five rebounds , 14 assists and three steals .
Brooklyn will have another tough task , when they travel to Indiana to take on the Pacers in their next game on Friday .
Center Marc Gasol scored 24 points to go with 11 rebounds .
The Rockets were again without Dwight Howard , as well as a number of role players , but Howard is expected to return within the next few games .
Toronto still holds the second - best overall record in the Eastern_Conference .
Patrick Beverley accumulated 12 points , five rebounds , five assists and three steals .
However , the standout forward beat the recovery timetable by at least two weeks , starting at the three on Sunday for Utah .
McCollum had to leave the game with injuries .
Charlotte stormed back in the second half and sealed the win with a Batum eight - foot basket with 13 seconds on the clock , and two free throws with six ticks left .
Much of that is attributed to their offensive rebounding , as they snatched down 15 offensive boards to the Hawks ' three .
Marvin Williams totaled seven points , six rebounds and two steals .
McCollum , meanwhile , scored a team - high 28 points to go with seven assists and two steals .
Miami will look to keep rolling on Friday in a home matchup versus the Minnesota Timberwolves .
Booker shot 14 - of - 20 and 6 - of - 7 from three - point range en route to 39 points .
Their bench was huge as well , outscoring Cleveland 's bench , 44 - 16 .
Brandon Rush started in favor of Barnes , and added an efficient 10 points on 4 - of - 7 shooting .
Nicolas Batum provided 16 points , five rebounds , seven assists and three steals of his own .
The Magic will look to keep rolling on Wednesday in a home matchup against the Charlotte Hornets .
Lance Thomas had to exit the contest after just two minutes as a result of an elbow to the face .
Monta Ellis was a nice spark off the bench , producing 16 points , two assists and two blocks .
He 's picked up his scoring over his last two outings , combining for 35 points over that span .
Center Alexis Ajinca , meanwhile , scored a team - high 16 and had eight rebounds .
The Magic shot 52 percent from the field and 53 percent from behind the arc compared to the Nets 48 percent from the field and 28 percent from three - point .
The Houston Rockets defeated the San_Antonio Spurs 101 - 99 at AT & T Center on Wednesday .
Ryan Anderson was the team 's lone off - the - bench bright spot , as he added 12 points .
Langston Galloway added 21 points and five rebounds , while Jason Smith chipped in 12 points .
However , Minnesota clawed back to trail by only three , 52 - 49 by intermission .
The severity of the injury was unknown at the time of publication .
Phoenix , meanwhile , hosts the Kings on Friday .
Ray McCallum made another start at point guard with Darren Collison sidelined with a hip injury and Ramon Sessions ' departure .
The Lakers will visit the Milwaukee Bucks ( 23 - 33 ) for a second game of a back - to - back on Monday , while the Bulls host the Washington Wizards ( 25 - 29 ) on Wednesday .
The Suns had no answer for the Grizzlies 16 - of - 28 shooting from behind the three - point line .
Miami is now in second place in the Eastern_Conference 's Southeast Division , and is slotted in the fifth seed as well .
The Thunder went 7 - of - 28 from long range and gave up 18 turnovers in the game .
DeRozan also logged four rebounds , four assists and two steals , in a hefty 40 minutes .
However , the Rockets are losing the tiebreaker to both teams .
Bryant got off a ridiculous 30 shots , and was able to convert on only eight of them .
Fellow backcourt superstar Klay Thompson did n't have his best outing , finishing with just 13 points ( 4 - 14 FG , 1 - 6 3Pt , 4 - 4 FT ) and three assists .
The Magic ( 27 - 49 ) have now lost eight of their last 11 games , as their defense continues to falter .
McCollum had the only other notable stat line , as he amassed 22 points and five assists .
Matt Barnes sat out Wednesday 's game with a hamstring injury , while Hedo Turkoglu was thrust into the starting lineup in his place .
Batum tallied 14 points , eight rebounds , eight assists , a steal and a block .
The other four starters really struggled , as they combined for 25 points , nine rebounds and six assists .
Cleveland came out of the locker room a new team , though , taking the third period by a score of 43 - 20 .
Rookie Devin Booker has shone in a starting role , and Wednesday was no exception .
Jeremy Lin was n't far behind , accumulating 24 points , two rebounds and five assists .
Tucker of the Suns was clutch off the bench in overtime , scoring five points early .
Hill led the team with 21 points to go along with eight rebounds and six assists .
The Jazz ’ s first - round rookies offered dissimilar performances .
The Raptors remain atop the Eastern_Conference 's Atlantic Division , and due to a Cavs win on Tuesday , remain 4 games back of the top spot in the conference .
His point total included six three - pointers in nine attempts from beyond the arc .
Kemba Walker was inserted into the starting lineup after coming off the bench the previous four games .
Chris Paul also struggled with his shot , totaling 13 points , four rebounds and four assists on 4 - of - 11 from the field .
He 's now averaging 17 points , 9 rebounds and 2 assists on the season .
The Grizzlies held the Jazz to only 39 percent from the field and forced Utah into 18 turnovers .
The eight - year veteran poured in 13 points , and added six rebounds , three assists , and two steals .
Darren Collison added 13 points for Sacramento and Ben McLemore had 15 .
He has put up averages of 12 points , 7 rebounds and 2 steals in 26 minutes per game since his return .
Jrue Holiday contributed clutch baskets down the stretch and in overtime , as he finished with 13 points , seven rebounds and five assists in 25 minutes off the bench .
Coming off the bench , Mason Plumlee chipped in 10 points and eight rebounds .
Sacramento has won three of their last five games , finally starting to find some success following the firing of ex - head coach Mike Malone .
A usual suspect , Kemba Walker , led the way with a team - high 35 minutes , posting 28 points , three assists , and one three - pointer in the process .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 33 - 8 ) defeated the Chicago Bulls ( 27 - 16 ) 107 - 99 on Saturday at the United_Center .
What ultimately may have made the difference was turnovers though , as the Clippers forced the Thunder into 20 , while committing just 14 of their own .
By losing LeBron James , Chris Bosh and Dwyane Wade the last two offseasons , the Heat has seen a large chunk of offense head out the door .
The Bulls will close out their current five - game home stand with a game versus Detroit Pistons on Friday .
Green contributed 12 points , five rebounds , two assists and a block .
The points were a new season - high for the seventh - year guard out of Indiana , who 's now surpassed the 20 - point plateau in four of his last five games .
They will return to action Feb. 20 against the 76ers in Philadelphia .
So , while his numbers look solid - - he 's averaging 17 points and 11 rebounds through those four games - - Love is playing at an alarmingly inefficient rate .
Drummond also went 3 for 5 at the free - throw line just one day after setting the NBA record for missed free - throws after going 13 for 36 in Houston .
For Detroit ( 21 - 25 ) , the win does not help the team 's effort to push into the wide - open bottom of the Eastern_Conference playoff race .
He 's had a nice three - game stretch where he 's averaged 24 points and 8 rebounds per game .
Houston has now overtaken Memphis for the second seed in the West .
P.J .
P.J .
P.J .
P.J .
P.J .
P.J .
P.J .
P.J .
P.J .
P.J .
P.J .
P.J .
P.J .
P.J .
P.J .
P.J .
P.J .
P.J .
P.J .
P.J .
P.J .
P.J .
However , he also committed a game - high nine turnovers .
The Bucks shot 52 percent from the field and 53 percent from three - point range , while dishing out 32 assists .
Lillard also contributed eight rebounds and six assists .
Up next , the Cavaliers will look to continue to build on their lead in the Eastern_Conference on Wednesday against the Pacers , while the Timberwolves will travel to Denver on Wednesday to take on the Nuggets .
As a team , the Rockets had 15 three - pointers and shot an impressive 50 percent from the field .
Rudy Gay did everything he could to keep them in the game .
Matthew Dellavedova tallied 11 points , five rebounds and eight assists of his own .
The bench was led by Tyler Johnson , who added eight points and eight rebounds , to go along with five assists on 3 - of - 8 shooting , including one three - pointer .
Philly did n't go down easily , however , as they took Milwaukee to overtime on Sunday .
Meanwhile , Paul George led the was for the Pacers with 18 points , 11 rebounds , six assists and three steals , in 42 minutes .
Detroit ( 15 - 19 ) has now lost six of their last seven games and losses like this show just how bad their struggling .
He had a very strong stretch of games to finish out the late stages of January , and it looks to have carried over to February .
Offseason acquisition Rajon Rondo remains the backup , but he has n't scored over six points in his last seven games .
Lowry finished with 17 points and eight assists .
After struggling for a long stretch of the season , it looks as if he may have figured things out during the All-Star break , as he 's posted two double - doubles in a row , a stretch where he 's combined for 28 points and 27 assists .
It was the fourth straight game that Green reached double - digit scoring , as the veteran guard has taken advantage of the absence of Tyler Johnson , who missed his third straight game due to a shoulder injury .
The Knicks face a similar layover , hosting the Brooklyn Nets the first day of April .
There has been no stopping Gortat recently , as he has averaged 14 points and 12 rebounds per game over his last five outings .
As for the Heat , six different players managed to score in double figures , but they failed to get a standout performance to counter that of DeRozan 's in some way .
Miami improved to 16 - 10 and remains in first place in the Eastern_Conference 's Southeast Division .
Wade contributed 25 points , four boards , and two assists , while Bosh churned out 16 points on 7 - for - 15 shooting .
The Chicago Bulls defeated the Atlanta Hawks , 106 - 104 , at United_Center on Saturday .
Mayo scored a team - high 20 points on 8 - of - 14 shooting , and Jared Dudley and John Henson added 12 points each .
The Portland Trail_Blazers defeated the host Brooklyn Nets , 129 - 109 , at Barclay 's Center on Sunday .
Embiid went to the line 11 times , knocking down 10 - of - 11 free - throw attempts .
The Celtics head to Dallas for a Monday matchup against the Mavericks , while the Wizards remain home and await the Portland Trail_Blazers .
New_Orleans got big performances off the bench from Luke Babbitt and Alexis Ajinca .
He 's riding a nice five - game stretch where he 's averaging 17 points , 7 rebounds and 3 assists .
Beal checked in second on the Wizards with 22 points , five assists , four rebounds and two steals .
The Raptors remain in second place in the Eastern_Conference but are facing a widening gap between themselves and first - place Cleveland .
Aaron Brooks was a huge spark off the bench , scoring three and - one 's in the second quarter alone .
He did add five rebounds , four assists and a block .
The Celtics ' next game will be at home against the Toronto Raptors on Wednesday , while the Mavericks will travel to Portland to play the Trail_Blazers on Thursday .
T.J. McConnell accrued four points , six rebounds and 11 assists .
Up next , the Jazz will stay at home Wednesday to take on the Wizards , while the Hornets will head to Los_Angeles to go up against the Clippers on Tuesday .
The severity of the injury is still unknown .
The Grizzlies ' next game will be at home against the Denver Nuggets on Thursday , while the Mavericks will travel to Houston to play the Rockets on Wednesday .
Denver and Phoenix were playing a home - and - home set where the teams play two consecutive games , one at each other 's home court .
Serge Ibaka and Nikola Vucevic totaled matching 13 - point efforts , with the former adding four rebounds , an assist and two steals , and the latter offering six rebounds and two assists .
Paul George led Indiana with 18 points , four rebounds and two assists .
Carmelo Anthony and Kristaps Porzingis combined for 56 points , with each player compiling half , and also had 17 rebounds between them .
Kemba Walker paced the Hornets with a game - high 29 points , which he supplemented with seven rebounds , three assists and two steals .
He is now 14 - for - 19 from deep in his last two games .
Irving was a dismal 7 - of - 21 from the field and had six turnovers .
Antetokounmpo went scoreless in nine minutes of action .
Despite the underwhelming start , Atlanta opted not to make any major deadline moves .
Ramon Sessions started in place of Darren Collison at the point , but did n't contributed much as he finished with only eight points and five turnovers .
25 .
25 .
McCollum was the only other Blazer in double figures , totaling 18 points , two rebounds and four steals .
Jamal Crawford chipped in a team - high 18 points off the bench .
Chris Kaman , whose minutes have been restricted even with Robin Lopez sidelined , played at least 30 minutes from the second time in four contests .
Miami appeared to be a lock for the playoffs two weeks ago , but a 2 - 6 record over its last eight games has put its post season hopes in serious jeopardy .
He also threw in a pair of thefts .
Griffin added eight rebounds and five assists .
Steven Adams mustered a modest five points but hauled in 10 rebounds and added an assist and a block .
Marcus Smart was the only other Boston player in double figures , as he accumulated 10 points , five rebounds , five assists and two steals off the bench .
Bradley Beal registered 12 points , four assists , a rebound and a steal over 37 minutes .
Second-year guard C.J McCollum poured in a team - high 27 points in 27 minutes off the bench .
LaVine had six of the Timberwolves ' 15 three - pointers .
The bench also played well , as they combined for 52 points , 26 rebounds and 14 assists between six players .
Brandon Bass was the other starter to reach the 20 - point mark , as he finished wtih 20 points ( 8 - 11 FG , 1 - 2 3Pt , 3 - 3 FT ) and four assists in 30 minutes .
Richaun Holmes generated 13 points and T.J. McConnell supplied a full stat line of eight points , 10 assists , two rebounds , three steals and a block .
The Heat , meanwhile , shot 45 percent from the field but out - rebounded the Celtics 40 - 36 and forced 16 Boston turnovers .
Paul George led the team in scoring , with 26 points , three assists and three steals .
Up next , the Warriors will stay at home to play the Nuggets on Thursday , while the Clippers will head home Friday to face the Rockets .
Rudy Gay finished with 13 points and nine rebounds .
The Clippers were in their second game without Blake Griffin , who had surgery Monday to remove a staff infection .
Beal went 7 - for - 15 from the field and 3 - for - 5 from the three - point line to score 21 points .
Barea finished with 26 points , while shooting a brilliant 7 - 8 from behind the arc , along with five assists , in 32 minutes .
Ricky Rubio had a nice game as well , as he dished out 15 assists to go along with 10 points .
It was a similar story for the Suns , as the starting backcourt of Eric Bledsoe and Devin Booker carried the team to the bitter end .
McCollum finished with 25 points , four rebounds and two assists .
He looks to be getting more and more comfortable as a member of the starting lineup , posting a double - double in three of his last four games .
Paul George 's 34 points led Indiana .
Marc Gasol collected 14 points , six rebounds and six assists , despite committing six turnovers .
Rose 's last shot was a step - back three with seven seconds remaining to give the Bulls the final lead .
Dwight Howard exited the game after just eight minutes due to an ankle sprain and did not return .
Aaron Gordon went for 13 points , while Bismack Biyombo generated 10 points from the bench .
The Knicks host the Minnesota Timberwolves on Thursday .
On the contrary , the Knicks shot 50 percent from the field and 64 percent from three - point range .
D.J .
D.J .
D.J .
D.J .
D.J .
D.J .
D.J .
D.J .
D.J .
D.J .
D.J .
D.J .
D.J .
D.J .
D.J .
D.J .
D.J .
D.J .
D.J .
D.J .
D.J .
D.J .
D.J .
D.J .
D.J .
D.J .
D.J .
D.J .
Golden_State has won 16 straight games , and they continue to win despite playing the last three games without starting center Andrew Bogut , whom remains questionable going into this week 's games with knee tendinitis and an illness .
The other fist of the one - two punch that makes up the Blazers attack is Damian Lillard .
The four assists matched a season - high for him , while he 's now averaging 10 points , 5 rebounds and 1 assists per game this season .
Boston has lost two straight and six of their last seven games .
Otto Porter provided 18 points , 10 rebounds and four assists .
Dallas will end their road trip in Detroit on Wednesday against the Pistons .
Bledsoe and Brandon Knight each led the Suns with 21 points .
Frank Kaminsky also played well off the bench , providing 13 points , four rebounds and two assists .
In three games since returning from injury , Lowry has looked rejuvenated and is averaging 24 points and five assists over that stretch .
He 's had a really impressive week with his shot , averaging 25 points over his last three games .
Darren Collison and Arron Afflalo put forth a pair of eight - point efforts .
T.J. Warren finished with 16 points in 26 minutes off the bench .
Kawhi Leonard did n't shoot the best , but still recorded 14 points ( 5 - 13 FG , 1 - 4 3Pt , 3 - 3 FT ) , eight rebounds and four steals .
Portland has now won six of its last seven games and two in a row .
Boston ( 18 - 13 ) has heated up since the return of star point guard Isaiah Thomas , and is now 5 - 1 in its last six games .
Chris Paul was n't far behind , finishing with 19 points , four rebounds and eight assists .
The Thunder remains atop the Western_Conference 's Northwest Division , and are in the third seed in the conference as well .
After starting the first 13 games of the season in place of Bradley Beal , Garrett Temple failed to get into the game , logging his first healthy scratch of the season .
Kyle Anderson contributed 13 points , eight rebounds and six assists .
It was Jackson 's third double - digit scoring game against Boston this season , and the second of those three contests where he 's scored over 20 points .
Rudy Gay and Darren Collison really struggled , as they combined to shoot 5 - for - 23 in the defeat .
Udrih started and played 16 minutes , while Calathes played 32 minutes and finished with eight points , six rebounds , six assists and four steals .
Miami is currently in second place in the Eastern_Conference 's Southeast Division , and is presently slotted in the fourth seed as well .
Tyreke Evans , who played his first game of the season in mid - December after recovering from a knee injury , is finally starting to get back into the swing of things .
Cousins stormed out in the third quarter , leading his unit to outscore the Spurs by five points in the third quarter alone , but it was not enough for a comeback to be kept within striking distance .
Davis finished the game with just 12 points and eight rebounds , while going just 5 - for - 13 from the field .
Nikola Vucevic , Elfrid Payton and Jeff Green came off the bench to score 10 points a piece for Orlando .
New_York really turned it on late to pull out the comeback , as they outscored Indiana , 34 - 24 in the fourth quarter .
Harrison Barnes started 3 - of - 5 from the field but ended up missing his next six attempts on his way to a lowly 10 points in 38 minutes of action .
Most of the Suns ' damage was done inside , outscoring Boston , 52 - 32 , in the paint .
Coming off the bench , Carlos Boozer had a solid game .
Beal contributed a total of 28 points , three assists , two rebounds and a block .
Lou Williams tallied 13 points , three rebounds , an assist and a pair of steals .
Orlando 's stars were n't any better , as Nikola Vucevic and Evan Fournier combined to go 8 - of - 29 from the field .
Cristiano Felicio was solid off the bench with 10 points .
As a team , the Bulls made just two of their 15 3 - point attempts and recorded just 15 assists to their 14 turnovers .
While they do hold the tiebreaker , Boston is now playing down the final stretch of the season where every game is crucial .
MacCollum also scored 18 points .
Up next in the homestand is a date against the Oklahoma_City Thunder on Tuesday .
The Bucks also received double - digit performances from all but one of the rest of their starting five , as point guard Michael Carter-Williams finished with a nine - point tally on the night .
The Nuggets ' next game will be at home against the Portland Trail_Blazers on Tuesday , while the Jazz will be at home aganist the Toronto Raptors on Wednesday .
Cleanthony Early was the Knicks top scorer against the Clippers , putting in 18 points and 25 minutes off the New_York bench .
He did have a season - high of nine turnovers , so he 'll look to trim those numbers down .
Newly acquired guard Norris Cole was not available Friday , but may be able to play against the team that dealt him at the trade deadline - the Miami Heat - on Saturday .
New_Orleans ' last two games have been decided by a grand total of three points as they are now a full game behind Oklahoma City in the Western_Conference .
Andrea Bargnani was the only other New_York player to score in double figures , posting 16 points on 6 - of - 13 shooting in 33 minutes .
Booker amassed 13 points , 15 rebounds , three assists , three blocks and two steals in the win .
Nicolas Batum accrued 16 points , seven rebounds and four steals .
The Kings also had five players score in double figures and utilized their bench , with 10 players logging at least 10 minutes .
They await the Atlanta Hawks for a Thursday matchup at home .
The Cavaliers have three days off with their next game not coming until Tuesday at the Moda_Center against the Portland Trail_Blazers .
Philadlephia could n't keep their hands out of the cookie jar , as they committed 25 fouls and allowed Golden_State to go 33 - of - 39 from the free - throw line .
Guard Rodney Stuckey briefly left the game due to an ankle injury , but was able to return finishing with just six points in 18 minutes .
Middleton 's 20 points , seven assists and 25 minutes were all season - highs , as he continues to recover from his hamstring injury .
Up next , the Raptors will travel to Orlando on Friday and play the Magic , while the Hornets will head to Atlanta Friday to take on the East-leading Hawks .
Jordan Clarkson led the team in scoring , as he totaled 22 points and three steals off the bench .
Kevin Love added 25 points and 10 rebounds , while Kyrie Irving totaled 27 points and seven assists , but also gave up seven turnovers .
Courtney Lee was next with 11 points , three assists , a rebound , three steals and a block .
Indiana has won three of their last four games , and the return of George Hill to the active roster three games ago has given them reason to be optimistic .
Coming off the bench , Jakarr Sampson had a very efficient showing .
Khris Middleton totaled 14 points , six rebounds and four steals , while Malcolm Brogdon finished with 14 points , four rebounds and four assists .
Up next , the Celtics will stay home Tuesday to take on the Raptors , while the Cavaliers will head home on Monday to play the Pistons .
Atlanta retains a half - game lead over the Miami Heat in the Eastern_Conference 's Southeast Division .
J.R. Smith left Monday ’ s game after just five minutes with a right knee contusion , and as a result , Matthew Dellavedova saw more playing time off the bench and finished with 12 points ( 5 - 8 FG ) and nine assists in 34 minutes .
The Bulls and Spurs finished their season series at 1 - 1 .
Young led the Nets with 18 points and added seven rebounds and two steals .
Atlanta ( 7 - 2 ) continues to get it done and wins like this are par for the course .
In back - to - back games , Walker has scored a total of 47 points , but he 's also shot just 16 - of - 47 ( 34 percent ) from the field in those two outings .
Beal missed this game due to a hamstring injury and they really missed his shooting , as they went just 3 - of - 15 from three - point range in the defeat .
Jeff Green and Paul Pierce each provided 18 points of their own as well .
He finished with five points and two steals in 18 minutes of action .
They head home to face the Toronto Raptors on Sunday .
Middleton scored a team - high 26 points and dished out seven assists , while Carter-Williams tallied 20 points , nine rebounds and six assists .
Devin Harris supplied 14 points off the bench , and Al-Farouq Aminu didn ’ t miss a shot , recording 12 points , five rebounds , two assists , four steals , two blocks and two three - pointers .
The shooting was stellar for Orlando , as they shot 57 percent from the field , 88 percent from the free - throw line and 63 percent from three - point range .
Denver returns home for a matchup Friday against the Bulls .
In addition , Phoenix really struggled shooting , as they hit just 65 percent of their free - throws and 34 percent of their three - pointers .
Teammate D'Angelo Russell , also a second - overall pick , hit just 7 of 20 shot attempts .
These are two teams that have struggled all season , but it 's not for a lack of effort .
The Pistons are now 4 - 2 in their last six games , and have improved to 11 - 20 on the road .
He put up 10 points and six assists .
The Nuggets have now won every other game over their last seven contests heading into the All-Star break , but they remain the No . 8 seed in the Western_Conference standings .
Wade sat out the game with a sore right hip .
Guard Brandon Knight had 21 points and four assists while shooting 8 - of - 13 .
Toronto has won six straight games .
Chasson Randle generated 12 points and three assists to lead the bench .
In fact , there were only five lead changes and one tie , as it took some clutch free - throws from the Knicks to close things out .
Aaron Gordon went for 13 points , five boards and a steal .
Nikola Mirotic and Taj Gibson combined for 24 points and ten rebounds off the bench for the Bulls .
Gordon Hayward amassed 12 points , three rebounds , six assists and two steals .
With 29 on Friday , Leonard is now averaging 29 points per game through his first six contests .
The Raptors ' next game will be at home against the Portland Trail_Blazers on Sunday , while the Heat will be at home against the Cleveland Cavaliers on Monday .
He 's played extremely well of late , averaging 24 points , 4 steals and 4 assists over his last three games .
McCollum remains sidelined with a broken finger , but the Trail_Blazers are otherwise healthy .
Thaddeus Young added 13 points and Chase Budinger had 19 off the bench .
DeAndre Jordan now has 10 straight games with more than 15 rebounds The Clippers will get an extended break before returning to action Sunday against the Warriors .
Courtney Lee collected nine points , eight rebounds and seven assists off the bench as well .
Darren Collison had a solid performance , recording 15 points and seven assists .
This was an all - around ugly game for both teams , marked by a few scuffles and technicals along the way .
Monta Ellis led the bench with 16 points , two assists and two blocks .
Conley has n't hit a three - pointer in his last two games , going 0 - of - 10 as he battles a sore left wrist .
San_Antonio will return to action Friday when it hosts Denver .
Giannis Antetokounmpo was the player of the game , as he tallied 33 points , nine rebounds , three assists and four steals .
He 's played well since returning from the All-Star break , combining for 59 points over his last two games .
Monta Ellis was a nice spark off the bench , providing 14 points and seven assists .
The Pacers will look to keep rolling on Wednesday against the Orlando Magic .
Gay finished with 29 points , while Collison posted a double - double of 27 points and 10 assists .
The Knicks also saw some production off the bench .
Anthony Davis suffered a right shoulder contusion after landing awkwardly following a dunk attempt .
The Charlotte Hornets ( 41 - 30 ) defeated the Brooklyn Nets ( 19 - 51 ) 105 - 100 on Tuesday .
Nerlens Noel started for Embiid and finished with 12 points , six rebounds , two steals and three blocks .
That adds to the laundry list of injuries , with many of those players in the frontcourt .
Norman Powell generated 13 points , four assists , two rebounds and two steals .
It 's no coincidence the Spurs winning streak , that has now extended to six games , has coincided with the strong play from Leonard .
The two teams traded punches throughout the second half before Indiana mounted an exciting comeback over the final 1:43 .
Walker underwent surgery to repair a torn meniscus in his left knee on Jan. 28 and was given a 4 - 6 week timetable to return .
Stephen Curry added 10 points and 11 assists for Golden_State , and Marresse Speights chipped in 19 points .
Toronto ( 13 - 6 ) has now won five - straight games and are scoring at will .
He had been dealing with a hamstring issue that forced him to miss the last four games .
The San_Antonio Spurs defeated the Atlanta Hawks 107 - 99 Monday at AT & T Center .
It 's a tight race for those final two projected playoff spots , with the Heat , Celtics , Hornets , Pacers and Nets all within three games of each other .
Beal had just eight points on the night , going a quiet 4 - of - 8 from the field in 34 minutes .
San_Antonio holds the league 's second - best record and remains just a game out of first place in the Western_Conference .
In fact , both teams show over 49 percent from the field and there were only 16 combined turnovers and 19 combined steals/blocks .
He also added four rebounds and three assists .
Tyson Chandler rounded out the starting five 's successful night with 13 points , 13 rebounds , three assists and two blocked shots .
Miles though , who added 16 points ( 5 - 10 FG , 3 - 8 3Pt , 3 - 4 FT ) as the starter at shooting guard .
The Atlanta Hawks defeated the Chicago Bulls , 119 - 114 , Wednesday at the United_Center .
Not only did they outrebound the Jazz , they shot 47 percent from the field and 87 percent from the free - throw line .
Patrick Beverley went for 13 points , six rebounds , an assist and two steals .
With Conley sitting out due to an ankle injury , Beno Udrih started at guard and finished with nine points ( 4 - 8 FG , 1 - 3 3PT ) in 24 minutes .
Kevin Durant ( foot ) remains out indefinitely , but there is some hope he 'll be able to return in the next 1 - to - 2 weeks .
Up next , the Trail_Blazers will head home Wednesday to play the Cavaliers , while the Lakers will head to San_Antonio on Thursday to play the Spurs .
Bradley Beal paced the Wizards with 25 points , four rebounds , three assists and three steals .
Joe Johnson was also a big factor .
The Charlotte Hornets defeated the Portland Trail_Blazers , 107 - 85 , at Spectrum_Center on Wednesday .
Brooks did end up leaving this game with a hamstring injury and they ca n't afford to lose any more guards at this point .
He 's now averaging 17 points , 10 rebounds and 2 assists on the year .
He added eight rebounds and four assists .
Lance Stephenson ( pelvic ) has started to do some work in practice but is n't considered too close to returning .
Green finished with 13 points , 15 rebounds and 10 assists .
The team failed to move the ball effectively , recording just 14 assists on the night .
The Warriors ' next game will be on the road against the Toronto Raptors on Saturday , while the Hornets will travel to Chicago to play the Bulls on Saturday .
Trevor Booker registered 10 points , 11 boards , two assists and a steal .
Zaza Pachulia managed 14 points , while Draymond Green hauled in 10 boards .
Bojan Bogdanovic also scored 23 points , and added six rebounds and two assists .
The San_Antonio Spurs defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves 122 - 114 at AT & T Center on Tuesday .
Hill finished with 15 points , 12 assists and 10 rebounds .
Jahlil Okafor led the bench with 15 points , three rebounds and an assist .
Over his last three games he 's averaged 15 points and six rebounds , so we 'll see if his play continues to improve with more time in the starting lineup .
New_Orleans has been plagued by injury all season , a trend that continued in Dallas as small forward Tyreke Evans ( knee ) sat out with tendinitis in his right knee .
Ish Smith was solid in 23 minutes off the bench , with 13 assists and 11 points .
They were also very efficient , recording 36 assists on 51 percent shooting , while committing just nine turnovers .
Devin Booker really struggled , as he tallied 11 points , four rebounds and five assists , but committed seven turnovers on 4 - of - 16 shooting .
Lavoy Allen chipped in 14 points and six rebounds , while Glenn Robinson lll finished with 14 points of his own , along with two rebounds , two assists and a steal .
Isaiah Canaan finished with 14 points , going 5 - 5 from the free throw line but only 3 - 10 from the field .
Otto Porter collected 18 points , 10 rebounds and four assists .
Avery Bradley amassed 18 points and eight rebounds .
Graham only added two steals but Lamb also provided four rebounds , one assist and one steal .
Pacers star Paul George made just three of his 15 field goal attempts and finished with seven points .
Detroit ( 37 - 43 ) came off a tough stretch of games , having dropped seven of their last 10 going into the Sunday 's matchup .
Darren Collison was second on the team , totaling 18 points , two rebounds and three assists .
Shelvin Mack started for the injured George Hill and shot just 3 - of - 11 from the field in a six - point , five - assist outing .
He 's made at least three three - pointers in six of his last seven games , which bodes well for the Hawks as the playoffs begin Saturday .
Regardless of who was available , the Blazers are not a great road team .
While he 's only averaging 11 points and 3 assists on the season , he 's combined for 41 points and 15 assists over his last two outings .
Up next , the Warriors will play the Jazz Saturday at home , while New_Orleans will travel to Los_Angeles Sunday to take on the Clippers .
Canaan did not return to floor after being diagnosed with a sprained right ankle .
Nicolas Batum tallied 10 points , five rebounds , four assists and two steals .
LeBron James scored 26 points and added 12 assists and 10 rebounds .
Robert Covington shot the ball well Tuesday , going 7 - for - 9 from the field and 5 - for - 6 from the three - point line to score a team - high of 21 points .
Orlando stuck with the NBA 's current small ball lineup trend by starting Evan Fournier at the small forward .
A large part of the team 's woes came at the free - throw line , where they shot just 68 percent on the night .
C , J . McCollum amassed 26 points , four rebounds and four assists .
McCollum finished with 13 points on 5 - of - 13 shooting .
Only four players came off the bench for Washington , and combined for 17 points .
He amassed just two points , two rebounds and three assists on Sunday and he is now averaging 11 points , four assists and three boards over his first seven games of the season .
Wall had sprained an ankle in Friday 's practice , and there had been some doubt shortly thereafter as to whether he 'd be healthy enough to take the court .
The resurgent small forward has now rattled off 13 consecutive double - digit scoring performances , a benefit of his rare extended stretch of health .
Dallas has been playing some incredible offense as of late , as they are averaging 120 points a game across their last seven games .
Dwyane Wade missed four of those games with a hamstring issue , including being out Thursday .
Nevertheless , C.J .
However , the Warriors answered right back with a 41 - 29 second quarter to take a 69 - 66 lead into halftime .
Omri Casspi lasted 43 seconds after suffering a right eye abrasion .
Al Jefferson scored 14 points on 7 - of - 14 shooting to go along with five assists .
The Heat saw 10 players score on Monday night , and their bench production was big , putting up a total of 37 points .
Miles and C.J .
The Nuggets ( 7 - 12 ) , meanwhile , have now won only one of their last five games .
The severity of the sprain is currently unknown , but it is unlikely he sees the court in Phoenix 's next game .
The Magic ( 23 - 39 ) are now 2 - 2 in their four games since trading Serge Ibaka and running with Terrence Ross as their starting small forward .
They also posted outstanding 59 and 55 percent success rates from the field and three - point range , respectively , allowing them to overcome 20 turnovers .
Randy Foye added 14 points , while Jeremy Lin chipped in 10 points , seven rebounds , and six assists .
Sean Kilpatrick managed 10 points , four rebounds and two assists .
Sean Kilpatrick managed 10 points , four rebounds and two assists .
Dwyane Wade was second , registering 12 points , seven rebounds , two assists and two steals .
He had to leave the game in the third quarter with a left knee contusion , though , so we 'll have to wait and see if it forces him to miss any additional time .
Up next , the Rockets will look to keep rolling Thursday against the Hornets , while the Magic will head home Thursday to take on the 76ers .
Paul Pierce did everything he could to shoot the Wizards out of their slump .
Brandon Knight really hurt his team tonight as well , as he went 2 - for - 9 from three - point range and committed a ghastly eight turnovers in the defeat .
Kristaps Porzingis supplied 16 points , seven boards , two assists and four steals .
He 's had a couple solid games in a row , combining for 36 points and 20 rebounds over his last two games .
Wing Terrence Ross came off the bench for 24 .
Avery Bradley also tallied 13 points , eight rebounds and five assists , while Amir Johnson finished with 14 points and nine boards .
Maurice Morris supplied 13 points , four boards and three assists .
Thaddeus Young finished with 16 points , 13 rebounds and three assists .
Ricky Rubio went for 10 points , eight assists , five rebounds and a pair of steals .
The Pistons ( 34 - 40 ) have now lost seven of their last eight games , as their playoff hopes are swiftly floating away .
Detroit 's bench , meanwhile , did it no favors .
Both Mike Scott and Dennis Schroder added 11 points each .
It did n't take much of an effort from Washington 's bench to earn the win on Sunday .
The Rockets ' next game will be at home against the Denver Nuggets on Thursday , while the Magic will travel to Dallas to play the Mavericks on Wednesday .
The team converted all 20 of their free - throw attempts .
It was Rubio 's second game back since missing four games due to a pulled hamstring .
The Celtics fell to 7 - 7 and currently reside in third place in the Eastern_Conference ’ s Atlantic Division .
Paul was equally as good , accumulating 20 points , five rebounds and 13 assists .
He 's averaged 17 points and 15 rebounds over that stretch of three games .
Marco Belinelli and Darren Collison contributed 16 points each off the bench .
Coming down to the wire , the Mavericks are seventh in the Western_Conference , 5 games ahead of eighth place Oklahoma_City .
The Sixers ' next game will be at home against the Chicago Bulls on Wednesday , while the Hawks will be at home against the Sacramento Kings on Monday .
Thompson was next with 16 points , three rebounds , two assists and two steals .
On the Lakers side , no player recorded over 29 minutes played .
Channing Frye started and amassed 21 points and seven rebounds .
Portland outplayed Utah in this one , fair and square .
They head to Oklahoma_City for a Sunday showdown with the Thunder .
Darren Collison chipped in 14 points , and Omri Casspi added six points and six boards in 16 minutes off the bench .
The Timberwolves let an eight - point lead with four minutes to go slip away as the Jazz scored 11 unanswered points to take control .
The problem was that Payne and Waiters combined to shoot 13 - for - 32 and committed 10 turnovers in the defeat .
Devin Harris was also effective off the bench , totaling 11 points , four rebounds and a pair of steals .
The Denver Nuggets defeated the Indiana Pacers , 140 - 112 , at O2 Arena in London , England on Thursday .
The team shot over 43 percent on the night and scored 107 points .
Up next , the Bulls will stay home to take on the Oklahoma_City Thunder on Thursday , while the Wizards head home Friday to take on Miami .
San_Antonio will look to keep rolling at home against the Milwaukee Bucks on Tuesday .
Surprisingly , the Pacers out - rebounded the Bulls 46 - 34 .
The extent of the injury was not known immediately following the game .
New_York has dropped three straight games , and they 've been without Carmelo Anthony ( back spasms ) for all but 10 minutes of those games .
McCollum who finished with 16 , along with seven rebounds , four steals and two assists .
Markel Brown stepped up off the bench though , as he amassed 18 points , 11 rebounds , four assists , six steals and three blocks .
Reggie Jackson went for 19 points , while Kentavious Caldwell-Pope totaled nine .
The key for Oklahoma_City was the ball movement , as they recorded 27 assists to the Jazz ' 18 .
And they are n't just beating their opponents in those situations , they 're dominating them , as they won those five games by an average margin of 15 points , with their one loss coming by just three points .
The Thunder have a couple of days off before hosting the Clippers on Wednesday .
Denzel Valentine led the bench with 13 points and two rebounds .
Golden_State pulled away in the second quarter and never looked back , going on to outscore the Knicks 61 - 46 in the second half .
Bradley Beal added 17 points off the bench , and Kris Humphries had 12 points and nine rebounds in 20 minutes .
Utah , meanwhile , saw an abysmal offensive performance .
LeBron James is nearing a return from his knee and back strains , which will give the team a talent boost , but talent has n't been their issue this season , consistency has .
It also marks coach Gregg Popovic 's 1099th career win , moving him to seventh on the all - time wins list for coaches .
Kemba Walker was the only starter who scored in double figures with 15 points ( 5 - 13 FG , 1 - 4 3Pt ) , to go along with four rebounds and just three assists .
Miles was next with 15 points , two assists and one rebound .
The 34 points matched a season - high for him , pushing his season average to 22 points per game .
Mo Williams chipped in 18 points off the bench , and Jefferson ’ s replacement , Bismack Biyombo , blocked three shots in 32 minutes .
Meanwhile , Nicolas Batum 's troublesome toe kept him out of action , bringing Jeremy Lin off the bench and into the starting unit .
It is unclear how severe the injury is at this time , but in an effort to avoid further injury , it would n't be surprising to see the Bulls err on the side of caution and keep Rose out of action until his ankle is back at full strength .
OKC , on the other hand , shot a slightly inferior 45 percent while hitting only 12 three - pointers .
Dallas will return home to square off against the Lakers on Friday , while Washington will stay home to face LeBron James and the Cleveland Cavaliers on Friday .
Justin Anderson rounded out a strong night for the starting five with eight points , six boards and two assists .
Toronto has had a rough go in March , going just 5 - 8 .
Rubio shot only 3 - of - 10 from the field , but went 11 - of - 11 from the foul line .
Miles were the only relatively effective players .
In the five games since the trade deadline , he 's averaging 16 points and 10 rebounds .
It was a relatively clean game , as there were only 20 combined turnovers .
Harden finished with 16 points .
The trio also contributed 12 of the team 's 16 three - pointers .
Devin Booker was right behind with 21 points , eight assists and seven rebounds .
Those are indications of a tired team , but the effort simply wasn ’ t there .
Chicago has now lost 11 of their last 16 games .
In the three games since Jabari Parker went down with a season - ending ACL injury , coach Jason Kidd has cut the umbilical cord they had on Giannis Antetokounmpo .
He also brought down three boards and recorded a trio of steals .
Point guard George Hill also had a noteworthy 20 points and nine assists .
The assist - to - turnover ratio was key , with Dallas recording 26 assists to nine turnovers , while Los_Angeles committed 17 turnovers to just 18 assists .
Denver has now scored 161 points over their last two games and this is obviously not the potent up - tempo Denver offense of the past .
Cody Zeller registered nine points , six rebounds , one assist and one block , while Marvin Williams posted a modest five points , four boards , one assist and one block .
The Los_Angeles starters outscored the Minnesota starters 90 - 74 .
The Nuggets host the New_York Knicks on Monday .
He pulled down five rebounds and added an assist .
The Bulls also had some solid contributions from their bench .
Robin Lopez registered 10 points , three rebounds and one block .
Memphis shot just 22 - 58 ( 38 percent ) on two - point shots .
Alec Burks also reached double figures , shooting 6 - for - 13 from the field to finish with 14 points and four assists .
After reaching double figures only once in the first nine games of the season , Len has now scored 17 and 19 points in consecutive games .
Each of the three remaining starters tallied 14 - point efforts .
DeMar DeRozan 's 33 points continued a ridiculous run , as he has now scored 32 or more points in eight of nine games this season .
Darren Collison finished with 18 points , three rebounds and five assists .
Despite losing five of their last ten , Wade has been the model of consistency and has averaged 25 points , five assists and two steals over those last ten games .
Cleveland has won five straight games , and they 've vaulted themselves out of the early - season hole they were in , at one time standing with a sub - .500 record of 5 - 7 .
It marks the 73rd time in his career that James has scored more than 40 points .
The Knicks were without J.R. Smith , who sat out due to a heel injury .
Utah got off to a horrendous start tonight and just couldn ’ t quite pull off the comeback late .
Mike Miller has missed the last three games with a concussion .
The Celtics also recorded 27 assists , while the Pacers could only muster up 20 .
The Rockets ( 29 - 9 ) have now won 18 of their last 20 games , despite this being one of their worst offensive games of the season .
The assist - to - turnover ratio was the key for Miami , as they recorded nine more assists than Cleveland , while committing eight less turnovers .
He 's played well of late , averaging 17 points over his last five games , while shooting 55 percent or higher from the field in four of those five .
Conley scored 22 , while All-Star center Marc Gasol added 13 points and 10 rebounds .
Patty Mills played well in the absence of Tony Parker , who sat to rest .
Bledsoe scored 22 and dished out 10 assists while shooting 9 - of - 14 on the night .
He 's recorded at least eight assists in each of his last nine games , as he continues to find his teammates at a high rate .
With 2:8 left in the fourth quarter , Ryan Anderson buried a 26 - foot three pointer to take a 101 - 97 lead .
They next face the Sixers in a home tilt on Wednesday .
Joakim Noah had to sit out with an injury , forcing Gasol to move center , which opened a spot up for Mirotic at power forward .
Shooting guard C.J .
Shooting guard C.J .
The Knicks shot just 38 percent as a team but committed only five turnovers , compared to Brooklyn ’ s 14 .
McCollum poured in 21 .
Mayo finished with 11 to go with a pair of assists .
Goran Dragic struggled and left early due to an ankle injury , finishing with six points and four assists in just 22 minutes of play .
Up next , the Spurs will take on the Nuggets at home on Thursday , while the Timberwolves will look to get back to their winning ways in Los_Angeles on Friday against the Clippers .
He played over 37 minutes for the second straight game Saturday , which is ten more minutes than his season average of 27 minutes per game .
The Suns as a team shot a solid 50 percent from the field .
The Blazers prepare to take on the Los Angeles Clippers in the Western_Conference playoffs , while the Nuggets will look towards the offseason .
Jeff Teague scored just seven points , but dished out 10 assists , Al Jefferson and Rodney Stuckey were nice sparks off the bench , accumulating 28 points and 13 rebounds between the two .
Tucker poured in 22 on an ultra - efficient 10 - 14 shooting night .
Detroit has dropped seven straight games .
Detroit has dropped seven straight games .
Up next , the Celtics will look to keep rolling at home Wednesday against the Pistons , while the Heat will head to Denver on Wednesday and play the Nuggets .
While the referees would convene to confirm the shot was relased in time , there was never any doubt , and Harden strutted off the court in a mob of teammates .
Westbrook shot just 4 - of - 16 for 15 points and had five turnovers on the night .
The Jazz took care of this game early and never allowed the Knicks to fight their way back in it .
Otto Porter contributed 14 points , eight rebounds , three assists and three steals .
The Pistons also forced the Pacers into 18 turnovers , while having only 11 of their own .
Russell Westbrook struggled shooting , going 5 - 15 from the field , however he still contributed a healthy 13 points , five assists , three rebounds , two steals and two blocks , in only 26 minutes .
The Rockets were killed in the assist - to - turnover ratio , with Houston committing 15 turnovers to 21 assists , while the Pacers handed out 28 assists to 10 turnovers .
DeAndre Jordan was an absolute animal as well .
Overall , though , it was a miserable shooting night for Cleveland , as they shot just 37 percent from the field overall and 64 percent from the free throw line .
George Hill was next in line with 15 points , six assists , a rebound and three steals .
McCollum to carry the weight at Sleep_Train_Arena .
It was required a complete team effort Wednesday to take down Cleveland , with seven different players managing to score in double figures .
Up next , the Pistons will remain home Friday to take on the Timberwolves , while the Pelicans will look to avoid losing their fourth straight game when they play the Wizards on Saturday .
The Pacers bench had an impressive performance , led by George Hill and Damjan Rudez .
He 's averaging 20 points and 11 assists in April .
The Trail_Blazers had four starters score at least 15 points , but got only 21 combined points from the other eight players .
On Wednesday , Paul ( thumb ) remained out .
T.J. Warren followed with 14 points , five boards and three steals , while Alex Len produced 13 points and eight boards in a spot start .
Chris Bosh remains sidelined with a calf strain and has no definitive timeline to return .
However , Jordan weighed Los_Angeles down at the free - throw line , as he went just 6 - of - 12 on the night .
The former added one rebound , one assist and two steals , while the latter supplied three boards and one steal .
Beal checked in second with 22 points , five assists , four rebounds and two steals .
Six players scored in double - digits , and the bench 's pair of Jeremies ( Lamb and Lin ) went off for 16 and 14 respectively .
Coming off the bench and playing 28 minutes of action , D.J .
Nikola Vucevic amassed 12 points and 12 rebounds , despite going 5 - of - 16 from the field .
Gobert led the team with 11 rebounds and blocked three shots .
The Kings saw five players score in double digits in total , with Darren Collison posting a team - high 23 points to go along with seven assists .
Marcus Smart was a spark plug off the bench , accruing nine points , seven assists and five steals .
Jameer Nelson started for Emmanuel Mudiay and accrued 16 points , four rebounds and 12 assists .
Utah shot a ridiculous 58 percent from the field and 56 percent from three - point range , including 13 makes .
Booker has assumed heavy minutes and a starting role due to the absences of Bledsoe and injured shooting guard Brandon Knight .
Patrick Beverley finished with nine points , 11 rebounds and two steals .
Dwight Howard sat this one out with a sprained ankle .
The Thunder 's next game will be at home against the Indiana Pacers on Tuesday , while the Nuggets will be at home against the Brooklyn Nets on Monday .
Pau Gasol chipped in 19 points and nine assists , while Joakim Noah added 13 points , 11 rebounds and six assists .
Utah , meanwhile , saw a fairly dreadful offensive night .
D'Angelo Russell went for 14 points , five boards and four assists .
The team has won just four games in their last 15 and the defense is really killing them right now .
Chicago could only muster up 26 percent shooting from three - point range and 67 percent from the free - throw line .
Aminu blocked six shots and had three steals in an impressive defensive performance .
Their Chicago teammates , however , did not .
The Trail_Blazers were led by the scorching C.J .
The Thunder managed to extend their win steak to seven games despite having lost their previous three games in Dallas .
The New_Orleans Pelicans defeated the Detroit Pistons , 109 - 86 , at Smoothie_King_Center on Wednesday .
The duo combined for 14 of Golden_State 's 15 three - pointers and 57 of their 111 points .
The team posted splits of just 38/29/72 in what was a truly abysmal night from the field .
Jerian Grant contributed 13 points , while Cristiano Felicio posted a bench - leading 11 points .
With Carmelo Anthony leaving the game in the second quarter due to back spasms , the Knicks were unable to make a comeback after being down 51 - 46 at halftime .
Unfortunately for them , they never could get over the hump thanks in large part to Tyler Ennis , who got the spot start at point guard with D'Angelo Russell out with a knee injury .
Jeremy Lin chipped in 18 points , and Jordan Hill had 12 points and 10 rebounds in 29 minutes .
He has now shot over 40 percent from the field in three games straight , a stretch where he 's averaged 23 points and four assists per game .
Rodney Stuckey exited early due to a sore left calf , playing just 13 minutes in the first half .
Clint Capela finished second on the team , totaling 16 points and eight rebounds .
Philadelphia also saw Gerald Henderson compile 12 points , four rebounds , an assist , a steal and a block .
Parker will undergo examination to determine the severity of the injury , but when reviewing the tape , it appears Parker may be forced to sit out for at least a few games .
Devin Harris started at point guard in his place and finished with eight points and six assists in 33 minutes .
Tobias Harris and Evan Fournier did not play due to nagging injuries .
Toronto ( 8 - 6 ) has now lost four of its last five outings and is falling in the Eastern_Conference standings .
The Knicks ' final game of the season will be at home against the Detroit Pistons on Wednesday , while the Hawks will travel to Chicago to play the Bulls on Wednesday .
Cleveland star LeBron James was scratched from the lineup just a few hours before game time .
As a team , the Pelicans shot 59 percent from the field , 60 percent from three , and 81 percent from the free - throw line .
The fourth quarter is when they really turned it on , as they outscored Sacramento , 26 - 8 .
Thabo Sefolosha turned in 10 points , three assists , two rebounds and three steals .
The Lakers struggles continued and a frustrated Kobe Bryant looked to get his seemingly motionless team to spread the floor , but the effort did not come to fruition .
They also outrebounded their visitors by a robust 48 - 33 margin and essentially decided the game in the first half , when they jumped out to a 65 - 39 lead .
Paul George took just 13 shots , but accrued 18 points , four rebounds and four assists .
Curry , meanwhile , scored 23 and dished out six assists .
McCollum had 13 points in 21 minutes , converting three three - pointers .
Portland has now won four of their last five games , with all of those wins coming without Damian Lillard .
On a side note , both Tyler Hansbrough and Festus Ezeli were ejected after they got into a shoving match .
Philadelphia will host the Washington Wizards on Friday .
But over the past three weeks , Porter has been shooting better than he has all season .
He ’ s been dealing with an assortment of injuries , limiting him to 34 percent shooting in February .
It was a season - high in points for the rookie , who has now scored 14 points or more in five out his last six games , despite averaging only 7 per game on the season .
The Bulls ' next game will be on the road against the Miami Heat on Thursday , while the Magic will be at home against the Toronto Raptors on Friday .
Houston ( 28 - 9 ) has been one of the league 's hottest teams after a mediocre start .
They never really looked back after that despite allowing the Rockets to crawl back in the third quarter .
Al-Farouq Aminu posted 10 points , three rebounds , an assist and a block .
With Michael Kidd-Gilchrist sitting out with a chest injury , the Hornets inserted Gerald Henderson into the starting lineup .
Greivis Vasquez filled in a point guard with seven points and four assists and Louis Williams poured in 19 points off the bench .
Meanwhile , they also elicited 20 turnovers from Sacramento , which proved pivotal in their comeback .
Denver has now dropped seven of eight dating back to late - January .
Kenneth Faried left after nine minutes , as he suffered an ankle sprain .
He was only 3 - of - 11 from the field , but did convert all 11 free - throw opportunities .
Chandler knocked down three three - pointers and also had eight rebounds and three steals .
He had 12 points and seven rebounds .
Iman Shumpert , Key Felder and Channing Frye all provided 11 points a piece off the bench .
Minnesota was dealing with injury issues as well with Shabazz Muhammad sidelined with an abdomen injury .
In his four games since returning from a shoulder injury , Davis is averaging 34 points , 12 rebounds , and 5 blocks .
Pondexter finished with 15 points , including three three - pointers .
It was his first time reaching double - digit points in his last five games , as he 's been struggling with his shot .
Faried is now averaging 12 points and 9 rebounds on the season .
Guard Jamal Crawford shot just 4 - of - 12 off the bench .
In addition , the 76ers had 16 fast break points , compared to just five such points for the Timberwolves .
Much of that is attributed to the fact that Cleveland recorded 14 steals in the win .
They remain home to face the Toronto Raptors on Saturday .
Trevor Booker registered 12 points , eight boards , three assists , one steal and one block in 27 minutes off the bench .
Rim protection killed Boston as well , as they failed to record a block in their loss .
Oklahoma_City receives an extended break and will not play until Thursday , also in Houston .
They moved Alex Len into the starting center spot with Miles Plumlee moving to a bench role .
It was the first time the Trail_Blazers failed to score 100 points in 10 games .
Portland has now dropped the first two games of a quick Eastern_Conference road trip after coming up short Friday in Atlanta .
Matthews reportedly went in for an MRI shortly after exiting the game in the third .
Jeff Teague was questionable to play prior to the game due to a hand injury .
The team went without sophomore guard Marcus Smart ( toe ) for the second straight game .
T.J. McConnell provided 12 points , eight assists , three rebounds and five steals .
Boston have now won nine of their last 10 games , as they continue to showcase their elite offense .
Georgios Papagiannis provided 12 points , while Cauley-Stein mustered a modest eight points but hauled in 14 rebounds .
Pau Gasol was next with 10 points , 11 rebounds , seven assists and four blocks .
Eric Gordon and Trevor Ariza followed up with 15 points each , while Lou WIlliams added 13 off the bench .
Smith was unable to knock down a three - pointer in the contest where he finished 0 - of - 5 from deep .
In the three games he 's played with the Nuggets since coming over from the Trail Blazers , he 's averaged 15 points and five rebounds .
Marvin Williams registered 13 points , two assists , a rebound and a steal .
Jared Sullinger only pitched in four points , but did add 11 rebounds and five assists .
The Blazers ' next game will be at home against the Brooklyn Nets on Saturday , while the Nuggets will travel to Indiana to play the Pacers on Friday .
That formula equaled another home victory for Charlotte on Thursday , their 11th of the season in 17 home games .
Center DeAndre Jordan recorded a team - high 20 rebounds and also had two steals and three blocks .
Westbrook was even worse , as he tallied just 14 points , four rebounds and four assists while committing a ghastly 11 turnovers .
The Sixers shot just 33 percent and committed 22 turnovers to the Raptors eight .
Robert Covington paced the Sixers with 25 points , 11 rebounds , three assists and four steals .
As a team , the Wizards posted an admirable 29 assists while managing to disrupt New_Orleans ' ball movement , holding the Pelicans to just 17 total dimes .
Brandon Knight finished with 22 points and four rebounds .
Jon Leuer and Ish Smith registered matching eight - point efforts from the first unit and bench , respectively .
Booker posted 16 points , three rebounds , and five assists , and turned the ball over just twice in 34 minutes .
Lin looks like one of the best offseason acquisitions in the league through two games , averaging 20 points , 6 rebounds and 6 assists in 31 minutes per contest .
Portland ( 37 - 38 ) has been one of the league 's hottest teams , and has now won eight of its last nine games .
The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with Denver recording five more assists and four less turnovers than Milwaukee .
Knight and Bledsoe however , shot a combined 16 - 41 from the field , scoring eight baskets each .
Gibson was next in line with 15 points , 10 rebounds , three assists , two steals and two blocks .
The Lakers ' next game will be at home against the New_York Knicks on Thursday , while the Pistons will travel to Oakland to play the Golden_State Warriors on Wednesday .
Detroit created a whopping 21 turnovers , while also limiting the Lakers ( 18 - 37 ) to 43 percent shooting overall .
On the injury front , shooting guard O.J .
Lillard shot 13 - of - 25 from the field en route to 31 points alongside seven assists and four steals .
The Cavaliers ' next game will be at home against the Miami Heat on Wednesday , while the Lakers will be at home against the Denver Nuggets on Tuesday .
Marcus Smart ( 16 ) , Evan Turner ( 10 ) , and Luigi Datome ( 10 ) round out the Celtics in double figures .
The team recorded an impressive 34 total assists , including nine from star LeBron James .
The Detroit Pistons defeated the New_Orleans Pelicans 118 - 98 Wednesday at the Palace in Auburn Hills .
Carmelo Anthony scored 12 points in 12 minutes before getting ejected .
The team shot just 42 percent including 25 percent from three - point range , and had 19 turnovers on the night .
Monta Ellis was a nice spark off the bench , providing 16 points and three assists .
He 's had a strong stretch of three games where he 's averaging 15 points and 6 rebounds , both of which are higher than his season averages up until this point .
Damian Lillard appeared to suffer minor foot injury but played through the injury and finished with 22 points in 36 minutes .
McCollum finished with 17 points off the bench .
A total of 11 players scored for Toronto , and 13 players saw time on the court .
Up next , the Spurs will stay home Wednesday to play the Wizards , while the Jazz will head back home Wednesday to go up against the Pelicans .
Rodney McGruder totaled nine points , four boards and a trio of steals .
Rodney McGruder totaled nine points , four boards and a trio of steals .
He went 11 - of - 22 from the field , while no other Spur attempted more than nine field goals .
The former came just one rebound shy of a double - double and also added three apiece in the assists , steals and blocks categories , while the latter contributed six rebounds , four assists and two steals .
In 13 games with the Sixers , Smith has boasted impressive averages of 17 points , 8 assists , and 2 steals per game .
Chandler Parsons has been working his way back from a surgically - repaired knee , but has seen his minutes slowly increase .
22 year - old Bismack Biyombo has had a good five - game stretch , averaging 11 points , 12 rebounds and 2 blocks in less than 27 minutes per game .
Greivis Vasquez came off the bench to score 12 points and fnished with two rebounds , two assists , and a steal .
Cousins was n't the only one to find success despite the loss .
Houston has won two straight games and six of their last seven .
Howard was out with a strained right knee , but six players stepped up to score in double figures during his absence .
Ish Smith rounded out the strong night for the starting five with 10 points , eight assists , three rebounds and two steals .
Luol Deng , the other front - line player not watching from the bench , was next in line with 16 points , eight rebounds , an assist and a block .
Both starting point guards , Rajon Rondo and Elfrid Payton , suffered game - ending injuries .
Superstar Chris Paul , meanwhile , finished with a double - double , scoring 29 to go along with 10 assists .
Bojan Bogdanovic came off the bench to provide 27 points , going 8 - of - 10 from three - point range .
Toronto has won seven of their last eight games .
Nicolas Batum contributed 31 points , to go along with eight boards and four assists .
He 's played real well as of late , averaging 19 points and 9 rebounds over his last three games .
Justin Anderson contributed 13 points , three assists and two rebounds .
Paul George and Jeff Teague co - led the Pacers with matching 24 - point efforts , with the former adding 11 rebounds , three assists , three blocks and two steals , and Teague providing seven assists , three rebounds and three steals .
Jon Leuer 's 12 - point effort led the bench .
New_York has lost seven straight games , and the immediate future looks bleak for them .
T.J. Warren registered 18 points , three rebounds , an assist , two steals and a block .
Chris Paul added 15 points and 14 assists , and DeAndre Jordan finished with 19 points and 12 boards .
McCollum entered the contest averaging 33 points over his last seven games , and Damian Lillard has taken notice , given his deferment of scoring duties .
Otto Porter posted 11 points , and Jason Smith led the bench with 16 points .
Dallas shot just 42 percent from the field , 36 percent from three - point range and 68 percent from the free - throw line .
San_Antonio went seven players deep on the bench , led by Jonathon Simmons eight points and five rebounds across 22 minutes .
The Clippers , on the other hand , committed just 11 turnovers and recorded 27 assists to the Heat 's 14 .
Ricky Rubio rounded things out for the starters with 11 points , seven assists and five boards .
Both teams are off until Friday , at which point the Warriors will travel to Boston for the sixth game of a seven - game road trip while the Pacers host the Heat .
Veteran Joe Johnson added another 18 .
While he was having a career year with the Bucks , Knight has continued his strong play since being traded to the Suns , averaging 17 points and five assists in the three games since his debut .
Three other members of the starting five - - Serge Ibaka , Nicola Vucevic and Aaron Gordon - - combined for another 40 points , while Elfrid Payton handed out 11 assists to along with six points .
Greg Monroe was the lone Milwaukee bench player in double figures , totaling 14 points and six rebounds .
Guards C.J .
In addition to strong bench play , Phoenix saw excellent protection of the ball , as the team committed only seven turnovers in the game .
Andre Roberson moved back into the starting lineup at shooting guard , pushing Jeremy Lamb back to a bench role .
Miami plays the Rockets in Houston on Saturday .
They shot 42 percent from the field and gave up 18 points off turnovers .
Payton has been playing his best basketball of the season over the last three games , as he is averaging 22 points , 9 assists and 6 rebounds 34 minutes in those three contests .
Ricky Rubio finished with 12 assists , seven points , five rebounds and three steals , despite foul trouble .
Dallas ( 2 - 10 ) is in a historically bad stretch offensively right now and a 34 percent night just adds to those struggles .
Denver has lost four of their last five games as they struggle to find footing during a tough part of their schedule .
The New_York Knicks defeated the Boston Celtics , 117 - 106 , at TD_Garden on Wednesday .
Pau Gasol added 22 points and 14 boards , and Jimmy Butler chipped in 13 points , six rebounds and seven assists .
He also recorded a pair of steals .
Up next , the Grizzlies will look to keep rolling at home against the Warriors on Friday , while the Suns will look to turn things around Friday at home against the Bulls .
A total of eight players saw 22 or more minutes on Friday night , and A.J .
Mike Conley accrued 16 points , five assists and five steals as one of the only effective players for Memphis .
Chris Bosh will be sidelined indefinitely with a calf strain , and Josh McRoberts could miss the season after it was revealed that he has a tear in his meniscus .
He also hauled in three rebounds and added two assists .
Evans contributed 16 points and 10 rebounds , while Asik had 10 points and 11 rebounds .
Mindaugas Kuzminskas provided nine points in 23 minutes in a reserve role .
The only other Timberwolve to reach double figures was Shabazz Muhammad , who recorded 14 points ( 5 - 14 FG , 2 - 4 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) .
Center Marc Gasol had 22 points , six rebounds , and seven assists while shooting 8 - of - 15 .
The Pelicans posted just a 29 percent success rate from three - point range and also committed 15 turnovers .
The Pelicans posted just a 29 percent success rate from three - point range and also committed 15 turnovers .
T.J. McConnell finished second among starters with 14 points , five rebounds and five assists .
Marcin Gortat registered a modest eight points and seven boards , and Kelly Oubre , Jr. ( 10 points ) lead the bench .
Ramon Sessions was also a replacement in the starting lineup , as Darren Collison was out with a quad injury .
Evan Fournier underwhelmed , however , registering just five points on 1 - of - 7 shooting , along with two assists , a rebound and three steals .
Lopez did haul in 10 rebounds in addition to his 16 points , and also had an assist and a block .
Washington ( 27 - 20 ) has now won eight of its last nine games .
Kyrie Irving was the player of the game , as he tallied 29 points , seven assists and two steals .
Bojan Bogdanovic followed with 13 points , seven assists and five rebounds , but did commit a game - high seven turnovers .
Tarik Black posted eight points but also brought down 10 boards , dished out three assists and recorded one block .
Bradley appeared rusty , however , going for just five points on 2 - of - 9 shooting and committing a pair of costly turnovers .
As a team , LA shot 49 percent from the field but could not match Charlotte 's three - point shooting and reached the free - throw line just 13 times .
Both players are expected to return in the near future , though each remains out indefinitely .
Dallas waits until Sunday to face the Los_Angeles Lakers back at the Staples_Center .
Harrison Barnes chipped in with 11 points ( 3 - 8 FG , 1 - 4 3Pt , 4 - 4 FT ) as well .
That was rookie K.J .
The team forced 23 Miami turnovers , in part with 13 total steals .
Marcus was in the starting lineup , as P.J .
T.J. McConnell finished second among starters , accruing 10 points , five rebounds , eight assists and three steals .
Larry Sanders played just 11 minutes as the Bucks opted to use Giannis Antetokounmpo for stretches at center with Zaza Pachulia ( personal ) and John Henson ( foot ) unavailable Friday .
As a team , they shot just 39 percent from the field and 63 percent from the free - throw line .
Miami has dropped four of their last five games .
Bosh sat out the end of the 2014 - 15 season with blood clots which spread from his calf to his lungs .
He collected 18 points , hauled in 12 boards , dished out five assists , and recorded three thefts and a block .
Both teams combined to shoot 7 - of - 28 from downtown .
San_Antonio has now won 20 - straight home games and they are truly one of the best teams in basketball right now .
The Pistons will travel to Houston on Wednesday for their next game against the Rockets .
Brandon Bass added 17 points , and Jared Sullinger pitched in 14 to go with eight boards .
The Raptors are jocking for position near the top of the Eastern_Conference .
Despite out - rebounding Dallas 55 - 36 , the Knicks committed 18 turnovers and shot only 42 percent en route to a loss .
Michael Kidd-Gilchrist left the game with a chest injury and was n't able to return to the game .
The issue was their inefficiency , as they combined to go just 16 - of - 48 from the field .
Rodney Stuckey finished second in scoring for the Pacers , contributing 23 points off the bench , including a clutch jump shot with just over a minute remaining in regulation to extend the Pacers lead by three .
Parsons has been a different animal lately as his scoring average in the last four games is about 17 points higher than it was through the first 40 games .
He did pitch in with eight rebounds and seven assists , but the six turnovers he had took away from his assists .
He has an ankle injury and sat out Minnesota 's previous two games .
Phoenix next faces the Trail_Blazers at home Friday night .
Minnesota ( 10 - 22 ) , meanwhile , has seen struggles early in the season .
The double - double marked his six straight , while he 's posted 10 or more rebounds in each of his last 10 games as well .
Fournier contributed 16 points overall , and also supplied four assists , three rebounds and three steals .
He has been unstoppable in his last two games , averaging 34 points , 10 assists and 6 rebounds over that span .
Reggie Jackson contributed 20 points and nine assists , but committed six turnovers in an up - and - down performance .
Boston will have a quick turnaround as it will travel to Denver to take on the Nuggets on Friday .
They have now allowed under 84 points in four of their last five games and that can be attributed to their huge frontcourt .
Manu Ginobili finished with 20 points off the bench and also had six assists .
In the seven games this January where Monroe played at least 25 minutes , Monroe is averaging 16 points and 9 rebounds .
Orlando shot just 36 percent from the floor had just 14 assists on 29 field goals .
Allen Crabbe was sidelined because of a left knee strain .
Paul George tallied 13 points , seven rebounds and three assists before being ejected in the third quarter for kicking the ball into the stands .
Coach Mike Budenholzer was able to rest his starters , with no player playing over 27 minutes .
T.J. McConnell contributed 14 points , five rebounds and five assists .
The back - and - forth affair saw the two clubs alternate winning periods , with the Hornets besting the visitors in the first and third quarters , and Minnesota enjoying the advantage in the second and fourth .
As a team , Golden_State had 28 assists , shot 45 percent , and hit 11 three - pointers .
Portland ( 32 - 38 ) currently sits at ninth place in the Western_Conference and needs every win it can get going forwards .
The Los_Angeles Lakers defeated the San_Antonio Spurs , 102 - 95 , Wednesday at AT & T Center .
However , the two combined to go just 1 - of - 10 from the field with Zipser leaving the game due to an ankle injury after playing just 10 minutes and taking one shot .
Darren Collison was an important piece in the victory .
Noah posted 13 points ( 5 - 13 FG , 3 - 4 FT ) with 14 rebounds and six assists .
The Pistons will look to snap their losing skid Friday in Houston .
They 'll be at home again on Friday to take on the Toronto Raptors .
Alonzo Gee didn ’ t play after getting his wisdom teeth pulled , but coach Terry Stotts believes Gee can play Sunday .
Thomas led the team with five assists , Dragic committed seven turnovers , and Bledsoe was a team - low negative 26 when on the court .
Carmelo Anthony turned in a rather modest 15 points .
The Nuggets looked to a menagerie of players for an answer to beat the debilatated Thunder after going into the half down 55 - 33 .
Off the bench , Devin Harris recorded 12 points and five assists in 22 minutes , while Charlie Villanueva scored 10 points on 4 - of - 7 shooting in just nine minutes .
Nick Young contributed 16 points off the bench .
Dallas ( 9 - 21 ) has now won four of its last seven games after a horrendous start to the season that had seated them at last in the Western_Conference .
Washington shot a robust 52 percent from the floor and notched 27 assists against 14 turnovers as their offense was humming all night .
Boston will be off until Saturday when they host the Portland Trail_Blazers for their next game .
Curry shot the lights out while also recording seven rebounds and eight assists .
However , the veteran guard was also guilty of six turnovers , the most of any player on either team .
Bledsoe led the team with 37 points and shot 11 - of - 22 from the field .
The New_York Knicks defeated the Indiana Pacers 87 - 81 Tuesday at Madison_Square_Garden .
Kemba Walker had decent showing as well .
Frank Kaminsky and Marco Belinelli also scored in double figures off the bench , combining for 24 points , eight rebounds , five assists and three steals .
In a game full of All-Stars , all the studs shot poorly .
Mike Muscala 's 13 points paced the second unit .
He continues to provide the Magic solid guard depth off the bench , as he 's now pushed his season averages to 12 points and 2 assists per game .
As a whole , Miami recorded a whopping 14 team steals , contributing heavily to Denver 's 19 turnovers on the night .
Seth Curry poured in 11 points and added two assists , a rebound and a steal .
In fact , Millsap and Horford combined for 41 points , 13 rebounds , 14 assists , five steals , and three blocks .
Carmelo Anthony and Derrick Rose struggled mightily , as Anthony went 3 - of - 15 en route to 13 points , while Rose went 0 - of - 6 before exiting with back spasms .
This was only their second win in their last 16 games , and it was easily their best defensive performance .
McCollum had 15 of his own .
Markieff Morris continued his strong start to the season .
Sacramento has won two straight games .
Bojan Bogdanovic added 14 points with three three - pointers .
New_Orleans has lost two of their last three games .
No other Net scored more than 12 on the night .
Up next , the Spurs will travel to Minnesota Wednesday to take on the Timberwolves , while the Pacers will head home Wednesday to play the Kings .
Not only did all six bench players for Phoenix play at least 14 minutes , they combined for 78 points .
Ricky Rubio was also solid , as he finished with 16 points , seven assists , two rebounds and two steals , but gave up an ugly six turnovers .
Vucevic finished with 18 points and 13 rebounds , while Oladipo had a team - high 22 points and nine rebounds , but he committed five turnovers .
Greivis Vasquez did not score double digits , but stil played a solid point guard game with nine points and seven assists in 15 minutes off the bench .
The Suns bit themselves in the foot as well , committing 23 turnovers in the defeat .
The Sixers gave the game away with their turnovers , allowing the Grizzlies to score 29 easy points off of 17 Sixers turnovers .
Detroit was coming off extended rest Wednesday , having last played Saturday against Washington .
Along with Griffin , Chris Paul was able to contribute 22 points ( 10 - 16 FG , 2 - 5 3Pt ) , while also handing out 15 assists .
Courtney Lee also chipped in 14 points off the bench .
Turnovers really killed the Pelicans , as they committed 14 , while forcing just nine from the Clippers .
In total the Bucks shot a very strong 52 percent from the field and tallied 27 assists as a team .
The Jazz has now won 12 of their past 15 games , overlapping with the trade of Enes Kanter to Oklahoma City .
Klay Thompson finished with 26 points and five rebounds .
He was one of six Timberwolves to score at least 10 points , producing 12 points on 12 shots to go along with three steals and three assists .
The Knicks jumped on the likely - tired visitors early , building a 62 - 44 halftime lead .
He 's also put in two impressive games in a row , as he 's combined for 47 points and 10 rebounds during that span .
In fact , Curry had just seven points in the other three quarters and committed nine turnovers in the defeat .
The Pacers had 13 players hit the court , with nine of them logging at least 15 minutes .
As a team , the Grizzlies struggled to take care of the ball recording 21 turnovers to go with just 21 assists .
No other starter was able to tally double - digit scoring , but Jeff Green did match Paul 's point total in a reserve role , and also registered three rebounds , an assist and four steals .
The Wizards will look to keep rolling on Friday in a road matchup against the Milwaukee Bucks .
Millsap went for 20 points , eight rebounds , three assists , a steal and a block .
Mayo three - pointer brought advantage back to 16 with under three minutes to play .
While P.J .
San_Antonio has now won eight games in a row and are putting pressure on the teams ahead of it in the Western_Conference playoff standings .
He also recorded two blocked shots .
The Spurs starters outscored the Nuggets starters , 96 - 63 .
Rookie Myles Turner suffered a sprained thumb in the first quarter and was forced to sit out the rest of the game .
Now , the fourth - year guard is averaging over 25 points per game and is leading the Wizards in scoring .
Darren Collison exited the game with an abdominal strain and is scheduled to undergo an MRI on Friday .
The other four starters combined for just 29 points .
In 11 games as a reserve , Harris is now averaging 19 points and 6 rebounds per game , compared to averaging 16 points and 6 rebounds per game as a starter .
Gasol shot 7 - of - 12 and also dished out six assists .
His teammate rookie point guard Zach LaVine had a solid game with 22 points and seven rebounds but recorded seven turnovers and just three assists .
Grizzlies center Marc Gasol did n't return after halftime due to neck spasms , and his status is uncertain for the Grizzlies ' next game on Thursday against Portland .
The Dallas Mavericks defeated the Philadelphia 76ers 113 - 95 Wednesday at American_Airlines_Center .
He also recorded a trio of blocks and a steal .
Michael Carter-Williams briefly exited the game to get his ankle re - taped , but returned to action .
Devin Booker and Eric Bledsoe each scored 14 points and handed out five assists apiece , but combined to go just 8 - of - 29 from the field .
They forced 16 turnovers in this win .
Miles had to depart in the first quarter due to a knee injury .
It was his ninth double - double of the season and he 's now averaging 18 points and 9 assists on the season .
Hezonja hit three three - pointers and pulled down five rebounds while not recording a single turnover in the game .
Starting center Samuel Dalembert played just six minutes and was replaced in the starting lineup in the second half by Jason Smith .
The Raps as a whole shot a very impressive 54 percent from the field .
He is dealing with a pelvic injury that will keep him out of Saturday 's game against the Utah Jazz as well .
Starting at point guard , Isaiah Canaan added 12 points ( 2 - 13 FG , 2 - 9 3Pt , 6 - 8 FT ) , five rebounds and eight assists .
Rudy Gay sat out the game with a sore left foot , allowing Omri Casspi to make a spot start in his place .
Starting in the absence of Tony Parker , Cory Joseph did n't do enough to make up for the effort that Parker would 've contributed .
The `` Grit and Grind `` Grizz blocked a whopping 11 shots on the night , including three off the bench from big man Brandan Wright .
Orlando 's offense was extremely efficient , as they shot 51 percent from the field and 50 percent from three - point range , while committing just nine turnovers and 23 assists .
The Grizzlies hit just 35 percent of their shots from the field , while the Pelicans hit only 37 percent .
Against Orlando , however , Ariza found a way to shoot himself completely out of that slump .
The Bulls shot just 40 percent from the floor and recorded more turnovers ( 13 ) than assists ( 12 ) .
They still couldn ’ t prevail , but at least the Grizzlies showed some fight .
It was C.J .
It was C.J .
Houston has won three straight and seven of their last eight games .
Jerian Grant and Alex Abrines posted matching eight - point efforts off the bench as well .
However , it appears he ’ s shaken off the rust , scoring a combined 37 points off the bench in his last two games .
Over his last three games he 's averaging 19 points and seven rebounds , as he 's really stepped it up for the Jazz lately .
Up next , the Pistons will look to end their losing streak at home against Brooklyn on Thursday , while the Heat will head to New_York on Wednesday to take on the Knicks .
Forward Julius Randle shot only 2 - of - 8 and committed five turnovers , while point guard D'Angelo Russell had only 5 points and three assists while shooting 2 - of - 9 .
Beasley added five rebounds , two assists , three steals and two blocks , while Hawes contributed five rebounds and two assists .
Six players finished in double figures for the Wizards , including Wall .
The Timberwolves ' ball security was exceptional , as they committed only six turnovers , and they shot 52 percent from the field and 57 percent from three - point range .
He 's combined for only nine points over the last two games , so this marked a bounce back game for the shooting guard .
He did dish out 10 assists and also hauled in three rebounds and a pair of steals .
Denver will look to keep rolling on Monday in a home matchup against the Dallas Mavericks .
The bench really struggled , as Marreese Speights and Jamal Crawford combined to go 7 - of - 27 from the field .
Gasol still contributed , recording 11 rebounds and five assists .
Otto Porter posted 11 points , seven rebounds , three assists and two steals .
However , he finished with 12 points , six assists and four fouls in 32 minutes .
He added a stellar eight assists .
Elfrid Payton collected six points but added the aforementioned 11 dimes and hauled in three boards .
However , Miami went just 14 - of - 25 from the free - throw line .
Ty Lawson started in place of Darren Collison ( suspension ) , and will continue to shoulder the starting point guard minutes according to coach David Joerger .
Patrick Beverley was able to play through elbow soreness and finished with 10 points and seven assists over 37 minutes .
Both starting centers , Andrew Bogut and Alex Len , were limited due to foul trouble .
Shved has been one of the few bright spots of late , averaging 17 points and 6 rebounds over his last five games .
Raymond Felton started for Paul and contributed 10 points , four rebounds and eight assists .
The team shot 46 percent from the floor , but even more importantly had just five team turnovers on the night .
He ’ s averaging 20 points on 51 percent shooting the last five games , challenging the Timberwolves ’ Andrew Wiggins for Western_Conference Rookie of the Month .
Okafor has played in four of those five games , as he sat out for precautionary reasons in one , and in those four games , he 's given mixed results .
The Cavaliers next game will be at home against the Toronto Raptors on Tuesday , while the Nets will travel to Chicago to play the Bulls on Wednesday .
Cleveland ( 32 - 15 ) is floundering in the new year , having now dropped to three games under .500 in 2017 .
Thompson has been scoring at a high rate lately , as he 's averaging 25 points over his last five games .
He ’ s second to Los Angeles Clippers ’ Chris Paul with 10 assists per game .
Ibaka also had 10 rebounds , two steals , and two blocks .
Lawson logged 36 minutes .
Earl Barron earned a start in Len ’ s absence .
Bledsoe 's running - mate in the backcourt , Brandon Knight , had 13 points in 13 minutes before going down with a sprained left ankle and he did not return .
Miami overcame a series of injuries to take home the win .
It was also the jersey retirement celebration for legendary Pistons guard Richard `` Rip `` Hamilton .
He played 16 minutes off the bench and finished with 13 points .
Off the bench , Al Jefferson scored 12 points , while Aaron Brooks dropped 14 of his own .
Davis has recorded four double - doubles in a row , averaging 26 points and 11 rebounds over that span of games .
In fact , they shot just 28 percent from three - point range and 61 percent from the free - throw line .
He ’ s tied with Stephen Curry at 2 steals per game to lead the NBA .
Nick Collison was the only other Thunder player to score in double figures with 12 points in 26 minutes .
LA shot 55 percent on the night and knocked down 12 three - pointers .
He suffered a finger dislocation in the first half but did manage to return .
The former hauled in 11 boards , two assists and recorded an outstanding five steals , while the latter posted 12 rebounds and managed a steal as well .
For the Suns , point guard Eric Bledsoe scored 30 points and dished out nine assists while also stealing the ball three times .
McDaniels led the bench with 11 points , two boards and one assist .
Jon Leuer and Ish Smith registered matching eight - point efforts .
He ’ s the only two players averaging at least one steal , one block , and two three - pointers per game .
The Pistons , now losers of five straight games , are falling fast .
However , the rest of Portland 's starting five struggled particularly badly on the offensive end , going a combined 8 - of - 26 from the field .
He 's on a solid stretch of seven games , where he 's averaging 15 points , 9 rebounds and two blocked shots , so that trend continued Tuesday .
Tucker was very important off the bench , accumulating 11 points , nine rebounds , four assists and five steals .
Rodney Stuckey and C.J .
Over his last 10 games , he 's now averaging 22 points , 4 rebounds and 3 assists .
However , their inability to put together outings such as Saturday 's with any type of consistency has been at the root of their mediocre record over the first 35 games .
Up next , the Pacers will head to Boston on Wednesday to take on the Celtics , while the Jazz will head home Wednesday to take on the Knicks .
The veteran amassed 11 points , and added three rebounds .
Markieff Morris was next in line , contributing 13 points , five rebounds and two assists .
With Kyle Lowry sitting for rest , replacement Cory Joseph and DeMar DeRozan combined for 69 points .
The Pacers forced the Sixers in 18 turnovers , while committing just 14 of their own , which may have also played a big factor in the win .
Cleveland , meanwhile , failed to take the record for most consectuive games with 10 or more made three - pointers .
He played seven minutes off the bench .
John Wall and Bradley Beal combined for 54 points and Wall added 12 assists .
Despite averaging just 11 points per game on the season , he 's really started to turn it on for the Hornets , averaging 17 points and 7 rebounds over his last three games .
The bench was n't all good though , as Jordan Clarkson went 1 - of - 12 in a forgettable game .
Marvin Williams tallied 12 points , seven boards and two steals .
Rondo is averaging 9 points , 5 rebounds and 7 assists in January for Dallas , who has now lost four - straight games .
He added eight assists .
The bench also played well , as Trevor Booker , Trey Burke and Alec Burks combined for 42 points .
The Bucks scored 16 fastbreak points .
The 2014 - 15 MVP has already amassed 36 treys over six games .
Green was able to shoot 7 - for - 16 from the field , but only 1 - for - 4 from the three - point line .
Gasol also dished six assists and blocked two shots , in 37 minutes .
On top of that , Giannis Antetokounmpo continues to be one of the league 's hottest players .
A second bench player , Joffrey Lauvergne , was next in line with 16 points , six rebounds , an assist and a block .
Solomon Hill went for 14 points , 10 boards , three assists and a pair of steals .
In addition , they shot 55 percent from the field and 95 percent from the free - throw line .
Myles Turner registered 11 points .
Curry provided a modest 16 points , along with seven assists , two rebounds , three steals and two blocks .
Marc Gasol collected 13 points , seven rebounds , seven assists and two steals .
However , he shot just 6 - of - 16 and made only two three - pointers while committing six turnovers .
He 's had a strong couple of games in row , combining for 44 points and 15 assists over the last two .
Jokic finished 8 - of - 13 from the field , Murray went 8 - of - 13 as well , while Barton finished 7 - of - 12 to round out the strong trio .
Starting at point guard , Ray McCallum added 14 points ( 6 - 11 FG , 0 - 1 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) and five assists .
On top of it all , the Bucks are 9 - 4 this season when Monroe plays at least 25 minutes .
In fact , those three combined for 58 points with no other player scoring in double - figures .
McCollum followed up with 29 .
It was the most points he 's had in the last seven games , so the Bucks will hope it can boost his confidence even more .
Up next , the Bucks will stay home Wednesday to take on the Clippers , while the Trail_Blazers will head to Cleveland Tuesday to take on the Cavaliers .
He 's really started to get it going offensively , averaging 12 points per game over his last five .
The assist - to - turnover ratios were a huge difference in this game , as the Pacers recorded 33 assists and 18 turnovers , while the Rockets committed 22 turnovers to their 24 assists .
The Knicks , meanwhile , saw recklessness hurt their play .
Tucker scored 24 points and pulled down a massive 12 rebounds while also dishing out five assists .
Bojan Bogdanovic chipped in 13 points , three rebounds , two assists and two steals in 37 minutes .
The Sixers will continue their road trip against the Atlanta Hawks on Wednesday , and they might get backup point guard Tony Wroten ( knee ) back after he missed the last four games .
McCollum and Allen Crabbe , as no other player scored in double - figures aside from those three in this game .
Jrue Holiday and Dante Cunningham had matching nine - point tallies .
Klay Thompson continues to be out with an ankle injury , but Golden_State has n't skipped a beat without him as they extend their lead in the Western_Conference playoff race to 8 games .
In addition , Brooklyn recorded 13 steals and seven blocks , while forcing 20 turnovers from the Hawks .
It was a new season - high in points for the guard , who 's now averaging 19 points and 4 assists over his last six games .
The Jazz did see some solid contribution off their bench though .
Everything is looking good for the Bulls right now .
Goodwin added two rebounds , two assists and a steal , while McDaniels collected two rebounds and one assist .
The bench production was a major part of that , with the Knicks bench outrebounding the Celtics bench , 35 - 8 .
The Cavaliers recent push has put them into the top half of the Eastern_Conference playoff pool .
Meanwhile , Zach LaVine and Andrew Wiggins scored 21 points each .
Center Mason Plumlee , meanwhile , shot 10 - of - 13 and scored 27 points while pulling down 13 rebounds .
Dwight Howard suffered an ankle injury in the opening minutes .
Westbrook is averaging 24 points over his last four games .
The only other Piston to reach double figures in points was Jodie Meeks , who came off the bench for 13 points ( 5 - 12 FG , 1 - 3 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) .
Ricky Rubio rounded things out for the starting five with 13 points , seven assists , five rebounds and two steals .
Robert Sacre added 10 points as the starting center .
Atlanta was able to fight back and get it to a tied ball game , but still couldn ’ t prevail late .
Watson posted matching 12 - point efforts .
In particular , sixth man Lou Williams exploded for 29 points and five assists .
Michael Kidd Gilchrist ( foot ) and Gary Neal ( shoulder ) sat out .
The team shot just 57 percent from the free - throw line and the bench amassed just 15 total points .
The turnovers were the difference in the game though , as the Knicks committed 22 to the Hawks nine .
Durant , Thompson and Curry combined for 71 points .
It was his second game in a row in double figures , after not reaching more than six points in his last 10 games .
Kelly Olynyk went 5 - for - 10 from the field and 2 - for - 3 from the three - point line to add 12 points and eight rebounds off the bench .
The Lakers got into early foul trouble and ended up with a total of 26 team fouls , but the Wizards shot a poor 16 - of - 29 from the free throw line .
Superstar Chris Paul remains sidelined with a thumb injury , but LA has managed to win three straight in his absence .
Millsap finished with 22 points and seven rebounds .
Miles was a sharpshooter Sunday night .
Los_Angeles , on the other hand , did not need any form of expert shooting to build upon an early lead , but did turn in effective performances from their starters .
He also handed out three assists and recorded a pair of steals .
Bryant has just two games left in his final season .
Jeff Teague chipped in with 14 points ( 6 - 16 FG , 1 - 2 3Pt , 1 - 2 FT ) and 10 assists as well .
Up next , the Hawks will head to Utah on Friday to take on the Jazz , while the Pacers will stay home Friday to play the Nets .
Terrence Ross left Friday 's game with a sore left ankle and did not return .
Zach Randolph , Andrew Harrison and Troy Daniels also scored at least 10 points apiece off the bench .
Detroit ( 6 - 6 ) continues to struggle on the road this season , as they are now 1 - 6 outside of Detroit .
Brandon Bass and Raymond Felton registered 11 and 10 points , respectively , off the bench .
Brandon Bass and Raymond Felton registered 11 and 10 points , respectively , off the bench .
He 's also done it defensively though , posting three or more steals in four out of those seven games as well .
Miami has now won six of its last seven games .
The former also added two rebounds , an assist and a steal , while the latter contributed a pair of rebounds , an assist and two steals .
As a team , they had just 13 assists to 12 turnovers and shot a poor 35 percent from the field on the night .
Serge Ibaka was the only other Thunder player in double - figures , finishing with 12 points in 32 minutes .
Marc Gasol finished with 16 points , five rebounds and seven assists .
Paul Millsap added 17 points , and Korver finished with 11 points ( 3 - 3 3Pt ) .
Kelly Olynyk was moved to a bench role in favor of starting Tyler Zeller .
Lin saw 20 minutes of play time and had 10 points and seven assists .
New_York has lost 11 of their last 12 games , and the bleakness will be hard for them to overcome anytime soon as they 're currently trudging through a difficult part of their schedule .
Up next , the Jazz will travel to Oakland Wednesday to take on the Warriors , while the Suns will head home Wednesday to play the Nuggets .
The Orlando bench was uneventful , save for C.J .
It was his second 40 - point outing in his last four games , a stretch where he 's averaging 31 points , 7 rebounds and 7 assists per game .
Curry went on to knock down 11 three pointers , while Thompson added six of his own .
He did dish out 10 assists , while also recording three steals and a block .
The team also recorded 12 steals in total , with five different players recording multiple steals on the night .
McCollum , scored a combined 32 points .
One strange stat is the fact that the Warriors committed 12 turnovers , while the Pelicans recorded 12 steals .
The Hornets actually outshot the Knicks from the field , but the Knicks shot 95 percent from the free - throw line and 50 percent from three - point range .
The Pistons ( 29 - 31 ) are slowly climbing back to .500 , as they 've now won three of their last four games .
McDaniels all generated 10 - point efforts off the bench as well .
McDaniels all generated 10 - point efforts off the bench as well .
Allen Crabbe started , and Dorell Wright replaced him in the starting lineup in the second half .
The former also hauled in 10 boards , while the latter dished out nine assists .
As a whole , the Chicago starting five recorded only 13 rebounds and 42 points .
The veteran 's rebounding renaissance has continued deep into the 2015 - 16 season , as Young is now averaging 9 rebounds per game , almost three better than he has ever averaged before in his career .
Up next , the Pacers will head home Friday to take on the Kings , while the Timberwolves will look to get back on the right track Saturday against the Nets .
The two combined for 13 of LA 's 15 three - pointers .
The team scored a combined 62 in the second and third quarter and finished the night shooting over 46 percent while dishing out 28 assists .
No player on the team scored more than 13 points , with Justin Anderson and Charlie Villanueva tying foe the team - lead .
Taj Gibson was forced out of this game at halftime with some sort of leg injury .
He was given the start at center , which moved Aron Baynes to the bench .
Ricky Rubio dished out 10 assists to go with eight points , while Nemanja Bjelica led the bench with 10 .
The win puts Detroit at 20 on the season against their division rival Bulls .
Teague went 7 - for - 12 from the field and 2 - for - 5 from the three - point line to score 22 points , while also adding six assists and two steals .
He also went 12 - of - 14 at the free - throw line .
Anthony Davis left this game in the first quarter because of a shoulder injury and did not return .
The Celtics ' next game will at home against the Detroit Pistons on Wednesday , while the Hawks will travel to Miami to play the Heat on Wednesday .
The bench out - scored the starters with a combined 45 points .
Hayward also dished out five assists and came away with three steals .
Marvin Williams amassed 14 points , 12 rebounds , three assists and three steals .
Big man Julius Randle shot just 2 - of - 8 for seven points and had five turnovers , while point guard D'Angelo Russell had only five points and three assists .
James dished out 12 assists , hauled in five rebounds and recorded a pair of steals .
Augustin with 4:5 remaining .
Jahlil Okafor had an especially bad game , as he shot 3 - for - 18 while committing four turnovers in the defeat .
Phoenix ( 10 - 24 ) are in a tough stretch right now , as this marks their seventh loss in their last nine games .
The Raptors lost those two games by six points combined .
The starting five combined for only 32 points and four assists .
However , it was backcourt mate C.J .
He also recorded a pair of assists and two steals .
Detroit has dropped nine straight games .
The Hawks sit atop the Eastern_Conference .
Off the bench , C.J .
Off the bench , C.J .
The Kings will visit Cleveland on Wednesday , while Detroit will not face off until Saturday in Miami .
Miles , C.J .
Millsap added five rebounds , two steals and one assist , while Horford added four rebounds , two assists , two blocked shots and one steal .
Coming off the bench , Steve Novak added an efficient 12 points ( 4 - 5 3Pt ) in 12 minutes .
Wiggins and Towns combined for another 49 points , and the Timberwolves finished with 52 and 57 percent success rates from the field and three - point range , respectively , while only committing six turnovers .
The two guards and Maurice Harkless combined for a whopping 74 of the team 's 100 points , keying the road victory .
The Philadelphia 76ers defeated the Charlotte Hornets , 105 - 99 , at Spectrum_Center on Monday evening .
Speights also did some damage from the charity stripe where he finished 5 - of - 6 .
On Wednesday , he scored a game - high 37 points and is now averaging 34 points per game through seven games .
His fellow guards , Evan Turner and C.J .
Eight players hit the court off the bench for Orlando , but none scored in double digits .
Luc Richard Mbah_a_Moute ( calf ) and Hollis Thompson ( illness ) sat out the game .
Ricky Rubio tallied a modest eight points but did dish out 10 assists , while Nemanja Bjelica went for 10 points , four rebounds , an assist and a steal in 22 minutes off the bench .
The Mavericks turned things around in the second quarter , outscoring the Rockets 29 - 14 , to take the lead 58 - 50 going into halftime , however they let their lead slip to 85 - 84 by the end of the third quarter .
Los_Angeles really struggled with their ball movement , as they matched their 16 assists with 16 turnovers , while Orlando recorded 25 assists to 14 turnovers .
He came in with a season average of 9 points per game on the year , but he 's shown a lot of improvement lately and has averaged 16 points and eight assists over his last four games .
Richard Jefferson was forced from the game with back spasms and did not return to the floor .
Meanwhile , Markieff Morris was the Wizards ' high scorer , while Otto Porter and Marcin Gorat combined to haul in 27 boards .
Tucker shifted down to a guard position with Brandon Knight sitting out with an ankle injury .
The Kings had a whopping 27 turnovers , while the Warriors contributed 22 of their own .
He 's now combined for 47 points over the last two games , as he 's taken it upon himself to give the Pacers another proven scorer .
Patrick Beverley added 12 points , while Donatas Motiejunas and Trevor Ariza ( 5 - 14 FG , 4 - 12 3Pt ) each had 18 .
Tucker in the first quarter to an injury .
As a unit , the reserves scored 54 of the team 's 115 points .
Ray McCallum shot the ball well Sunday , going 6 - for - 10 from the field and 1 - for - 2 from the three - point line to score 14 points , while also adding three assists .
Tyreke Evans also had a strong showing , posting 15 points ( 5 - 13 FG , 1 - 4 3Pt , 4 - 6 FT ) , 11 assists and two blocked shots .
He has scored 29 - plus points in three of his last seven games after doing that just once through his first 31 games this season .
McDaniels followed with 14 - point contributions off the bench .
Up next , the Timberwolves will head to Cleveland on Wednesday to take on the Cavaliers , while the Magic will head home Wednesday and play the Pacers .
The 76ers defeated the New_Orleans Pelicans 99 - 88 Thursday at Smoothie_King_Center .
He 's on a strong stretch of four games , averaging 20 points and 7 assists during that span .
The outcome of the back - and - forth tussle was not certain even after the clock hit double zeros , as a three - pointer at the buzzer by Terrence Ross was reviewed on instant replay before being waved off for having failed to beat the clock .
Rookie Joel Embiid , however , sat the game out for rest , and no other Sixer scored more than 14 .
Turnovers were a huge impact , with the Knicks committing 16 turnovers to the Bucks eight .
Doug McDermott and Nikola Mirotic provided 13 points a piece off the bench .
Marc Gasol left after 10 minutes of action due to a foot injury .
Curry , despite turning the ball over five times , added six assists .
Although it 's a small sample size of just seven games , Randle has improved across almost every statistical category from his 2015 - 2016 season where he played 81 games .
McConnell , on the other hand , has now reached double figures in points in three out of his last four games , which was something he previously had n't done this season .
The Bucks took a 59 - 44 lead at halftime and never looked back .
However , fellow All-Stars Blake Griffin and DeAndre Jordan sat the game out for rest .
Thompson netted only 13 points ( 5 - 22 FG , 1 - 11 3Pt ) .
After losing their first three games , Charlotte has now won 10 of their last 14 games and are steadily moving up the Eastern_Conference standings .
He 's picked it up offensively over his last five games , averaging 15 points while shooting 50 percent from the field during that stretch .
Knight scored 18 points , but did not add any assists or rebounds , while Eric Bledsoe rounded out the box score with 12 points , eight rebounds and five assists .
Philadelphia has dropped four straight games .
He also dished out three assists and recorded a steal .
Reggie Jackson was sensational with 29 points and 11 assists , but did commit seven turnovers .
Knight went 6 - for - 12 from the field and 4 - for - 7 from the three - point line to score 18 points , while also adding five assists .
Utah ( 16 - 10 ) remains plagued by injuries , as starting point guard George Hill ( toe ) and bench combo guard Alec Burks ( ankle ) remained out for Wednesday 's game .
It was the fifth double - double over his last six games , a stretch where he 's averaged 20 points and 12 assists .
Off the bench , sixth man Jamal Crawford scored 20 .
Irving went 8 - for - 13 from the field and 1 - for - 1 from the three - point line , while Varejao finished 9 - for - 12 from the field for 18 points .
Those turnovers translated into 33 points for the Spurs .
Off the bench , Jazz sophomore Trey Lyles shot just 1 - of - 10 for five points .
He scored 15 points just four times all of last season , but has now become a crucial part of the Atlanta bench , averaging 13 points per game so far .
Harrison Barnes was not active .
Each other Rocket starter scored in double figures as the team shot a scorching 59 percent from the field and dished out 40 total assists .
Portland ( 22 - 28 ) is now 4 - 1 in its last five games .
Rookie Trey Lyles was solid , starting in place of Favours .
Isaiah Canaan left the game with a sprained ankle in the first half and did not return .
Chandler Parsons suffered a back injury Tuesday but then played through the injury Wednesday .
Marc Gasol finished with 13 points , seven rebounds and seven assists .
T.J. McConnell amassed 16 points , 11 assists and three steals .
The team saw significantly less ball movement than their opponents as well , recording just 22 assists .
He also had three steals .
Up next , the Suns will remain home Friday to take on the Thunder , while the Hornets will head to Denver on Saturday to take on the Nuggets .
Those two combined for just three rebounds and three assists in a frustrating night .
He did not return .
Watson ( foot ) , C.J .
The duo combined to shoot 25 - of - 37 .
New_Orleans ( 14 - 21 ) has now won five of their last six games , as they continue to get healthy .
McCollum combined for 29 points , 12 assists and three rebounds , Al Farouq Aminu added 14 points and eight boards .
Brandon Knight added 14 points and nine assists , while Zaza Pachulia , starting in place of the injured Larry Sanders , added 14 points and 13 rebounds .
Amare Stoudemire was the only other Knick to reach double figures in points .
He 's now put together a couple of solid games in a row , with 26 points over those two games .
Nicolas Batum was being looked to by the medical staff after the game , but it is unclear what his injury is .
Bledsoe scored a team - high 37 points and came away with three steals .
Thompson is averaging 30 points over his last three games , while also hitting at least three three - pointers in each of those outings , so he 's well on his way to hitting his groove with the playoffs starting Saturday .
DeAndre Jordan and Matt Barnes each added 11 points , while J.J. reduce had 10 points and four rebounds .
Tristan Thompson registered eight points but also brought in 14 boards , dished out two assists and recorded four blocks .
Matthew Dellavedova added 10 points , and Shawn Marion had 13 off the bench .
The former added a rebound , while the latter also posted two rebounds , two assists and two steals .
Beno Udrih scored 14 points and added three assists in 29 minutes .
Jameer Nelson , who was acquired from the Mavs , started at point guard , pushing Marcus Smart back to a bench role .
He 's now shot over 40 percent in four straight games , a stretch where he 's averaging 22 points per game .
Taj Gibson , Alex Abrines and Steven Adams each scored 10 points a piece .
Guard C.J .
Guard C.J .
Guard C.J .
Guard C.J .
Guard C.J .
Guard C.J .
The team also shot just 71 percent at the free - throw line .
He also added seven assists .
He did have nine turnovers , however .
San_Antonio will now return home for their next tilt in a pivotal showdown against a Western_Conference foe , the Portland Trail_Blazers .
Omri Casspi ( knee ) sat out Friday as well .
Avery Bradley and Jae Crowder chipped in another 12 points each , while the bench added 27 .
He 's had a nice stretch of three games where he 's averaging 16 points .
Bojan Bogdanovic added 14 points , five rebounds and three assists , while Shane Larkin added 13 points , eight assists , five rebounds and two steals .
Clarkson also had 10 points and five assists but also shot just 3 - for - 11 and committed seven turnovers .
He nearly had the unconventional quadruple - double as well , considering he recorded nine turnovers .
Up next , the Pistons will head to Chicago Friday to take on the Bulls , while the Celtics will head home Friday to play the Hawks .
He also had one rebound and three assists .
Paul Zipser , Doug McDermott , Nikola Mirotic all finished between 13 and 14 points off the bench .
He 's combined for 39 points in hist last two games and is now averaing 19 points per game .
He has now failed to make more than eight shots in any of his last four games , while taking at least 17 shots in all those appearances ( 29 - of - 81 ) .
Chris Paul and DeAndre Jordan also stacked the box score .
Up next , the Cavaliers will head to Boston on Wednesday for a matchup between Eastern_Conference powers , while the Bucks will head home Wednesday to play the Nuggets .
Jeremy Lin was the other productive bench player .
Dieng went 1 - for - 6 with four turnovers and just two points .
Starting center Roy Hibbert departed in the first quarter after suffering a sprained left ankle and did not return .
Jimmy Butler added 14 points , while Derrick Rose and Tony Snell each added 11 points .
LeBron James is now 0 - for - 2 in his returns to Miami this season , and his former teammate Dwyane Wade has outplayed him in both of those outings .
Guard Tony Wroten left the game in the fourth quarter with a right knee sprain and did not return .
The key for the Spurs was their ability to force turnovers , as they forced 16 turnovers while committing just eight turnovers of their own .
Sefolosha finished with 12 points Friday .
In addition , McCollum had five rebounds , three assists , and went 6 - of - 6 at the free - throw line .
Over his last four games , he 's averaging 17 points and 10 assists .
Over his last three games , the swingman is now averaging 18 points and 9 rebounds per game .
Crabbe hit three three - pointers .
Klay Thompson and Steph Curry combined for 70 points , while hitting 16 three 's .
Curry also had ten assists , and Thompson had four steals .
Golden_State has won 15 straight games , and in their last two games , they 've done it without starting center Andrew Bogut who has been sidelined with tendinitis in his knee .
Ricky Rubio and Gorgui Dieng finished with 11 points a piece .
The Bulls limited themselves to nine turnovers and forced a whopping 20 turnovers by Sacramento .
The remaining starters , Roy Hibbert and Julius Randle , did not make a field goal .
Whiteside is averaging 7 points per game , but has now recorded double - digit points in seven of his last eight games .
He 's had a fantastic span of games throughout April , averaging 20 points over seven games .
However , guard C.J .
Up next , the Hawks will head home Friday to take on the Wizards , while the Bulls will stay home Friday to take on the surging Heat .
Beal , Wall , Porter and Markieff Morris combined for 13 steals .