The family would then ask for you to join them at The British Legion Club Irvine thereafter, and all are welcome.
Anne (nee Meikle) beloved wife of the late William.
Grateful thanks are extended to all who cared for Tom with such care and dignity.
RANKIN JOHN John, aged 83, died peacefully, at Cornhill Macmillan Centre, on Sunday 8th January 2017, beloved husband of Lynn, much-loved dad of Wendy and Elise and a dear brother of Hazel.
MACKINTOSH DEREK Sadly at Craigieknowes Care Home Perth, on Sunday 2nd October 2016, Derek, aged 70 years, beloved husband of Lesley, dearly loved dad of Ailsa, Morna, Rona and Innes, much loved grandad of Jackson, Leah, Emily and Aneurin and a dear father-in-law of Alan, Scott, Rob and Sarah.
Sadly missed by all her nieces, nephews, friends and neighbours.
All family and friends are respectfully invited.
Loving wife of the late Ian, treasured Mum of Mary, John, Steven, Peter, Ann Marie, Aileen, Eilish and the late David and much loved Nana to all the family.
Service at the Crichton Memorial Church on Thursday 13th July at 11am.
CONNELL MARION Peacefully, at Crosshouse Hospital, on Monday 18th December 2017, Marion, aged 70 years.
YOUNG Hugh Suddenly but Peacefully at Ayr Hospital on Saturday 13th October 2018.
Cremation thereafter at Roucan Loch Crematorium.
DUNCAN Dave At Ochil Care Home, Perth on Thursday 24th January 2019, Dave, aged 73 years, retired administrator Guide Dogs for the Blind.
Family flowers only please.
KEELING Sarah (Sadie) Nee Fulton Aged 77, passed away peacefully at Crosshouse Hospital on Thursday 22nd August 2019 after a short illness, bravely borne.
John, beloved husband of Frances, loving dad of Rhoda, Stuart and Nicholas.
Loving dad of Jodi, Sarah and John, much loved grandad of Joshua, dearly loved brother of Christeen and the late Evelyn and a dear brother-in-law, uncle and friend to many.
BYRNE JOHN Seafield Unexpectedly, at home, on Thursday 4th May 2017, Johnny, aged 78 years, cherished husband of Maureen, loving and much much loved father of Sean, Marie-Louise, Michael, Damian and Emma, doting grandad of ten.
Devoted mum of Anne, Brian, Karen and the late Billy.
DOUGLAS STEWART DANIEL (MR CARLTON) Peacefully at The Royal Alexandra Hospital, Paisley on 22nd November 2018, Stewart, beloved husband of Margaret, much loved dad of Craig and Carol and a dear grandpa to Rowan and Ernie.
Funeral service, to which all family and friends are respectfully invited, at Woodside Crematorium on Thursday 10th November at 3pm.
Reception and Vigil will take place on Wednesday, 29th June 2016, at Our Lady of Lourdes R.C.
WALKER Margaret On the 4th March 2019, suddenly but peacefully at home, Margaret McGarrie Walker, nee Allan, of Martinton Road, Heathhall, beloved wife of the late Kenny, dearly loved mother, mother-in-law, gran, great gran, aunt and friend to many.
MEIKLEM WINN Peacefully, at Ochil Care Home, Perth, on Friday, January 26th, 2018, Winn, aged 92 years (formerly of the Newrow), beloved wife of the late Fred, dearly loved mum of Linda, Fred, Eleanor, Val and John, a proud and loving nana and great nana, a dear mother-in-law and a good friend and neighbour.
WATSON John Peacefully after a short illness on Friday 2nd November 2018 at Forth Valley Royal Hospital, John aged 76 years.
Funeral service on Thursday 31st January 2019 at South Lanarkshire Crematorium, Sydes Brae, Blantyre, G72 0TL at 12:30pm to which all friends are respectfully invited.
COLLINS ISABEL (BEL) On the 8th March 2018, peacefully at Dumfries Infirmary, in the presence of her family, Isabel (Bel) Collins of Yew Tree Place, Mouswald, beloved partner of Robert, dearly loved mum of Kim and Mark, a loving nana and great-gran.
Donations in lieu if desired to the British Heart Foundation.
Funeral service shall take place at Masonhill Crematorium on Friday 19th October at 3.30pm to which all family and friends are respectfully invited, family flowers only there will be a retiral collection in lieu of flowers if desired to The Ayrshire Hospice.
JACK PETER FRANCIS Peacefully at Fairview Nursing Home on Wednesday 9th May, 2018, Peter, aged 87 years, formerly of Braehead Road, St. Ninians.
Funeral thereafter to Dumfries High Cemetery.
Funeral service will be held at Kilmarnock Independent Funeral Parlour, Church Street, Kilmarnock on Tuesday 14th June at 2.00pm.
She will be sadly missed by all who knew her.
Service at Roucan Loch Crematorium on Friday 25th May at 11am.
Funeral service to which all are invited at Woodside Crematorium, Paisley on Friday 30th November at 11.00am.
Family Flowers only please.
GOODWIN DOUGLAS On 24th January 2018, peacefully at Dumfries Infirmary, in the presence of his family, Douglas Goodwin (Dougie), Ex ICI, of Brownrigg Loaning, Dumfries, formerly of Bloomfield.
Bill, beloved husband of the late Irene, much loved and devoted dad, papa and great-papa who will be sadly missed.
KEIR IAN Peacefully, at home on Friday October 7th 2016, Ian aged 84 years of Bannockburn.
STEWART James (Jimmy) Peacefully passed away on Sunday 14th April 2019, Jimmy aged 69 years, of Cornton.
Funeral on Thursday 7th February, service in Perth Crematorium at 12.30pm to which all family and friends are respectfully invited.
Family flowers only please, donations if desired, to be given to Strathcarron Hospice.
HADLEY MARGARET On 14th March 2019 peacefully at Dumfries Infirmary, Margaret Hadley of Durisdeer, dearly loved wife of Alan and a much loved sister and aunt.
Loving mother in law to Marion, Irene, Roseanne and the late Jean.
Will be sorely missed by all.
Our hearts are broken Service at St. Matthews Church on Friday 10th May at 10am funeral thereafter to Kilmarnock Cemetery arriving at 11.15am to which all friends are respectfully invited.
FERGUSON ISA On 15th March 2018, peacefully in Dumfries and Galloway Royal Infirmary, Isa Ferguson, Merse Drive, Kirkcudbright.
Service at Roucan Loch Crematorium on Thursday 5th April at 10.00am to which all friends are respectfully invited.
HARRIS MAGGIE HELEN BEATEN (PEGGIE) (n?e Telfer) After a long illness, on 25th October 2017, in the care of Lennel House, Coldstream.
A retiring collection will be taken for Crossroads Care in memory of Mary at the service.
KNOX DAVID (MCGIBBON) Peacefully at home on Friday 12th October 2018, surrounded by his loving family.
Dearest father-in-law of Stuart and a cherished grandpop to Andrew and Rhona.
O'HARE MARY Peacefully at F.V.R.H.
Donations if so desired to Alzheimer's Scotland.
O'BRIEN ROBERT (BOB) Treasured memories of Bob, loving husband of Beryl, dad and papa, passed away 20th May 2014.
CROALL JOHN On 1st February 2018, peacefully at Dumfries Infirmary, John Croall, beloved husband of Jean, much loved dad of Keith and cherished grandad.
Funeral service to be held at 12.30pm, on Wednesday 8th November 2017 at Mortonhall Crematorium, Edinburgh.
Reception into Church on Thursday 11th May, at 4pm.
BEGGS Suddenly, result of a tragic accident, Ann passed away on the 4th June 2016, surrounded by her loving family.
Service at William Jardine Chapel of Rest, 23 Terregles Street, Dumfries today, Friday 9th February, at 9.30am.
(Jumbo), aged 85 years of Glentrool Road, Lochside.
CLYNE JOAN Peacefully at Ayr Hospital on Sunday 22 April 2018, Joan aged 83 years.
A much loved granda to five and great granda to three and also a dear father-in-law and brother who will be sadly missed.
Hugh, formerly of Newmilns, Kilmarnock and Ayr, beloved husband of the late Margaret, much loved brother-In-law, uncle, great-uncle and friend to many.
VIVERS Jean On 24th July 2019 peacefully at Bankfoot House Moffat, Jean in her 100th year, beloved wife of the late Joseph, a loving mother of Sally, Nessie and Fiona, a dear grandmother, great grandmother and great great grandmother.
STODDART (NEE WILSON) JEAN On Thursday 2nd February 2017, in the loving care of Alma House, Dalbeattie, formerly of Barhill Road, Dalbeattie, Jean Stoddart (nee Wilson), beloved wife of the late Allan, dearly loved mother of the late Allan, Elizabeth and Joyce, loved sister of Betty Watson and late brother Andrew Wilson, and loving and much loved aunt.
Service at St John's Church on Friday 18th October 2019 at 11.00am.
Funeral Mass will take place on Wednesday 31st May at Our Lady and St Ninians RC Church at 10am, thereafter to Bannockburn Cemetery for 11.15am.
Family flowers only please, but if desired a retiring collection will be taken at the crematorium for The Guide Dogs for the Blind.
MOFFAT Mary On 19th May 2017, peacefully at Dumfries Infirmary, Mary Moffat nee Richardson of Kinnell Street, Thornhill, beloved wife of David, a much loved mother of James and Shona and a loving granny and great-granny.
There will be a retiral collection in aid of St Michael's Hospital, Linlithgow for those who wish to donate.
Funeral service at Roucan Loch Crematorium on Friday 24th June at 10.30am.
SHAW DOROTHY ELIZABETH Peacefully at Glenfairn Care Home on Wednesday 26th October 2016, Dorothy.
HAGGARTY DAVID Peacefully on the 13th June 2019 at the Royal Alexandra Hospital, David (Prince Rajah the Magician).
Family flowers only please but if desired donations kindly received will go to F.V.R.H.
Family flowers only.
HAYMARCH Hugh Suddenly on 31st July 2019, Hugh aged 74 years, beloved husband of Frances, much loved dad to Gary, Mark and Debbie, devoted papa and great grandpa, he will be dearly missed by all who knew him.
ANDERSON ELIZABETH Peacefully at home on 8th January 2019.
Devoted Grandmother to Fiona, David, Alan, Emma, Jillanne, Leanne, Lynsey and Lauren.
Much loved son, brother, grandson and friend.
Sadly missed.
STEWART JIM On 26th March 2018 peacefully at Thornhill Hospital, Jim Stewart of Burnhead, dearly loved husband of Annie, much loved dad of Lorna, Graham and Anne Marie, father in law of Kenny, Sue and Billy and a devoted papa and great papa.
O'HALLORAN JACK Peacefully, at Udston Hospital, on the 10th June 2017, Jack, beloved husband of Margaret, loving father to Claire and Suzanne, dearly beloved grandfather and family member to all.
Funeral on Friday 9th December at Holmsford Bridge Crematorium at 9am.
KERR ROBERT On the 4th July 2017, peacefully at his own home, in the presence of his family, Bobby Kerr, beloved partner of Izzy Laurie, a dearly loved dad, stepdad and papa.
SHIELDS Thomas (Tam) Suddenly at home on Thursday 2nd May 2019, Thomas (Tam) much loved and devoted husband of Christine, a dearly loved dad of Yvonne and Laura, father-in-law of Alex and Andrew, a doting papa to Abby and a friend to many.
Violet (nee Armstrong).
Elizabeth Megson, beloved wife of the late George, much loved grandmother to Pauline and Alan, devoted mother to the late Stanley and mother-in-law to Edith, also a proud great-gran to Margot.
Much loved and devoted husband of Linda, caring and dearly loved dad of Aaron, Ross and Emily, only son of Jim and the late Anna, special brother and great friend to many.
A beloved son of Mia and the late Tommy and a much loved brother of David, Kenneth, Tricia and Margaret.
CROCKETT George Unexpectedly at F.V.R.H.
JOHNSTON MARY Peacefully on Thursday 24th October 2019 within Wishaw General Hospital, surrounded by her loving family, May Johnston, mother of Garry, Steven and Lynne and proud grandmother to Ryan, Danielle, Sean and Natalie.
Family flowers only please but if desired a retiring collection will be taken at the Crematorium for ward 32, Ninewells Hospital and Cornhill Macmillan Centre, Perth.
Family flowers only please, donations if desired, to be given to F.V.R.H.
PEDEN MARGARET Peacefully, at Stonehouse Hospital, on Sunday, 26th June, 2016.
The Funeral service will be held on Wednesday 15th November at 1pm at West Lothian Crematorium, to which all are respectfully invited.
Donations if desired to Cancer Research UK and Strathcarron Hospice.
MEGSON ELIZABETH Peacefully, at home in Elderslie, on 16th February 2018.
Service at Roucan Loch Crematorium on Thursday 14th March at 12.00 noon.
If so desired, donations to Alzheimer Scotland may be given at the service.
Dearly loved wife of the late Bill, much loved sister to Hughie, Jim, Jean, Joe and of the late Helen, Alex, Ann and William, a loving aunt and great aunt.
Donations if so desired to Thrombosis UK.
Following a private cremation a service of thanksgiving will be held on Friday 6th October in Kelton Parish Church at 12.45pm.
Funeral service at Masonhill Crematorium on Tuesday 8th November at 2.00pm, to which all relatives and friends are respectfully invited.
DUNCAN-PARKER JOYA On the 27th August 2018, suddenly at home, Joya Duncan-Parker (Joyce Parker), aged 69 years, of Clarencefield, formerly of Dumfries, loving mum of Paul and Lee, and a much loved nana.
COPLAND SARAH AGNES On 11th March 2017, peacefully at Singleton Lodge, Sarah Agnes Copland (Nancy) nee Fergusson formerly of Lilac Cottage, Wamphray.
Service at St. Michaels and South Parish Church, today, Friday 9th September at 1.15pm.
Will be sorely missed.
Funeral service will take place at Masonhill Crematorium on Tuesday 23rd October 2018 at 10.30.
She will be greatly missed.
McCLURG THOMAS On the 9th February 2017, peacefully at Dumfries Infirmary, Thomas Landers McClurg (Tam), of Criffel Road, Dumfries, beloved husband of the late Violet and a dearly loved father, father-in-law, papa, brother, uncle and friend.
Funeral will be held on Monday 13th February at 12noon at Roucan Loch Crematorium, Dumfries to which all friends are respectfully invited.
Dearly beloved mother of Colin, Raymond and Alice, loving sister, aunty, grandmother, great-grandmother and great-great-grandmother.
Ward B12.
Yvonne was previously playground supervisor at Boghall Primary School.
EVANS EUPHEMIA (EFFIE) Peacefully, at Redmill Care Home, on 11th June 2017, Effie, wife of the late Thomas, much loved mum, gran, great gran, auntie, sister and friend.
Family flowers only please, but donations may be given at the Church door, if so desired, in aid of Richmond House Care Home Fund.
All friends are respectfully invited to attend.
Funeral service at The Allan Church, on Thursday 6th September at 12 noon, thereafter to Bannockburn Cemetery, to which all relatives and friends are respectfully invited.
Family flowers only please but if desired a retiring collection will be taken at the Crematorium for Alzheimer Scotland.
The funeral service will be held on Monday 11th November at 10am at West Lothian Crematorium to which all are respectfully invited.
No flowers please.
A collection will be taken on retiral for The Ayrshire Hospice.
Funeral Today Friday 30th September service in Perth Crematorium at 11.30am to which all family and friends are respectfully invited Family flowers only please but if desired a retiring collection will be taken at the Crematorium for the British Heart Foundation.
Beloved mother, grandmother and great grandmother of the family.
Dearly loved wife of David, much loved mum to Pamela and Lyn, loving granny to Harry and Finn and nana to Noah.
Funeral on Thursday 4th May, 3pm at West Lothian Crematorium.
James will be sadly missed by all his family and friends.
Sadly missed by all the family.
Sleep tight.
Funeral service will take place on Tuesday 26th February at Roucan Loch Crematorium at 1.00pm.
McCLENAGHAN DAVID Suddenly on Sunday 26th August, 2018, David McClenaghan, aged 57 years of Bannockburn, formerly of Enniskillen, Northern Ireland.
PATERSON JAMIE Peacefully at the Queen Elizabeth University Hospital on Wednesday 15th June 2016, after an illness bravely borne with his family by his side, Jamie aged 31 years of Ae Village.
Funeral service at Stirling Crematorium on Friday 18th October at 2pm, to which all relatives and friends are respectfully invited.
For funeral times please contact Henry Dorricott Funeral Services on 01698 882 170.
Cherished husband of Liz, devoted dad to Jamie, Shaun, Ann, Christine and her husband Scott, doting grandpa to Naomi, Reice, Rhea, Ethan, Mackenzie, Ellice, Imogine and Aidan, great-grandpa to Rowan.
Funeral on Friday 14th October service in Perth Crematorium at 2pm to which all family and friends are respectfully invited.
Donations if desired for Cancer Research UK will be gratefully received in memory of Margaret.
Much loved husband of Rosina, loving dad to Isabel, a proud grandad to Laura, Rachael and Dylan and great grandad to Daisy.
A celebration of John's life will be held at Perth Crematorium, on Monday 23rd January at 11.30 a.m., to which all family and friends are welcome.
Donations if desired to St. Michaels Church Fabric Fund can be given at the service in memory of Ann.
A service to celebrate Winn's life will be held in the Knox Chapel, St John's Kirk on Tuesday, February 6th at 1.30pm, to which all family and friends are welcome.
Donations in lieu of flowers to Strathcarron Hospice.
Family flowers only please, but if so desired, donations may be given on leaving the crematorium for John's chosen charities.
Funeral service will be held in Kirkcudbright Parish Church today, Thursday 22nd March, at 2.00pm.
Much loved wife of Sandy, mother of Steven Livingstone, mother-in-law of Lesley and grandmother of Duncan.
Funeral service will be help at Callander Kirk, Callander on Monday 26th June, 2017 at 11.00am and thereafter to Callander Cemetery to which all friends are respectfully invited.
STEVENSON MARGARET (NEE CRAIG) On 1st December 2016, Margaret of Kilmaurs passed away at Crosshouse Hospital aged 88.
MURIE JESSIE Peacefully, at Summerlee House, Coatbridge, on 25th February 2017, Jessie, aged 90 years.
Dearly loved husband of Lesley, beloved dad of Lauren, much loved son of Margaret and the late Robert, loved brother, uncle, great-uncle, son-in-law and brother-in-law who will be sadly missed by all who knew him.
Funeral service at Masonhill Crematorium on Tuesday 1 May at 12 noon.
Sadly missed by all her family and friends.
Funeral service at Holytown Crematorium on Friday 3rd March 2017 at 1.30pm.
Tel: 01298 23056 www.percivalfunerals.co.uk 
Family flowers only please as there will be a retiral collection in lieu of flowers.
Beloved husband to Mary, much loved Dad to Shona, Carol and Iain and a proud Grandad to Chloe, Louise, Jack, Emma, Camryn and Jasmine.
All friends are respectfully invited to attend.
Ray, much loved dad of Richard, loving granda of Craig, Caitlin, Jamie, Nicole, Chloe, Natalie and Richard.
Family flowers only please, donations if desired can be given at the service in memory of Jim.
Loving partner of Derek, treasured daughter of Betty and the late Pat, caring sister of Carole, Mark and his partner Cathie, a sadly missed aunt, niece and friend to all who knew her.
PEDEN WILLIAM On the 30th November 2017, peacefully at Dumfries Infirmary, William David Peden of Islesteps, formerly of Castlewigg, Whithorn, beloved husband of the late Joyce, dearly loved dad of Ian and Alan, father-in-law of Daine and Mandy and loved papa of Andrew.
MUNDY KATE Peacefully after a long illness on Thursday 22nd December, 2016, Kate (nee Milne), of Alloway Drive, Cowie.
Family flowers only please, donations if desired to The British Heart Foundation.
MCPHEE Nancy Suddenly at the Royal Alexandra Hospital on 28th January 2019, Nancy beloved wife of Norrie, a much loved mum of Norrie, a devoted and loving gran to Lewis and Mirrin.
Funeral Service to take place at Macclesfield Crematorium on 15th March, 2019 at 2pm.
All family and friends welcome.
Funeral Mass on Thursday 14th March at 9.30am thereafter to Woodside Crematorium.
All friends respectfully invited to attend.
Service at Roucan Loch Crematorium on Wednesday 21st March at 2pm.
Funeral service to which all family and friends are welcome will take place at Woodside Crematorium on Thursday 27th June 2019 at 12 noon.
Special husband, father, papa and great papa.
Donations if desired can be given at the service for Marie Curie in memory of Jennifer.
QUINN SHIRLEY Unexpectedly, but peacefully at F.V.R.H.
Much loved mum, grandma, great-grandma and friend to many.
Funeral thereafter to Holmsford Bridge Crematorium, Dreghorn for 3.00pm, all friends are respectfully invited.Family flowers only please, in lieu, donations for The Stroke Unit Crosshouse Hospital would be appreciated.
Family flowers only please, in lieu of flowers donations to Chest Heart and Stroke Scotland.
McGOOKIN RAYMOND Peacefully, at home, on Tuesday 19th December 2017.
Service at Roucan Loch Crematorium on Tuesday 26th March at 12 noon to which all friends are respectfully invited.
Service at Roucan Loch Crematorium on Tuesday 6th February 2018 at 2pm.
Funeral service at Ruthwell Church on Friday 2nd August at 12:00 noon, thereafter to Churchyard.
Funeral service at Woodside Crematorium on Tuesday 23rd January at 4pm, to which all friends are respectfully invited.
Family flowers only please, donations if desired to Kidney Foundation.
Beloved wife of the late George Ferguson, dearly loved mum of Tommy and a much loved gran and great gran.
CORRIE Margaret On the 24th March 2019, peacefully in Barlochan House Care Home and formerly of Dalry, Margaret Corrie.
Funeral Service at Woodside Crematorium on Thursday 7th February at 3:00pm to which all family and friends are respectfully invited.
STEWART David Peacefully at F.V.R.H.
Beloved wife of the late James, devoted and caring mum of Edith, Ann, Edward, James, Richard, Tracey and Laura, a much loved mother-in-law, gran and great-gran of the family.
HILSON IRENE At Perth Royal Infirmary on Friday 23rd September 2016 Irene (nee Stewart), daughter of the late Alexander and Dora, beloved wife of the late Andy much loved mum of Louise and the late Andrena, dearly loved Gran of Gregor, Bruce, Andrew, Iain, Kerr and Mark, a loved Great Gran of Alexander and Hunter, a dear sister of the late Norrie, James and Alex, a dear mother-in-law of Kenny and the late Bryan and a good friend to many.
Funeral Service on Monday 11th June 2018 at Holmsford Bridge Crematorium at 12.30pm.
From all the family x
Donations in lieu if desired to Beatson Cancer Charity and Dumfries & Galloway Canine Rescue Centre.
RUSSELL CATHERINE Peacefully on the 18th June 2017 at home, Catherine of Callander.
DRYNAN ISOBEL On the 18th February 2019, peacefully in the Alexandra Unit, Isobel May Drynan, ne Parker, New Abbey Road, Dumfries.
CASSIDY Margaret Peacefully at the Royal Alexandra Hospital on 6th March 2019, Margaret beloved wife of the late Joe, sister to Mary and Elizabeth and a friend to many.
DOBBIE ELIZABETH On 17th July 2017, peacefully at Dumfries & Galloway Royal Infirmary, Elizabeth (Betty) nee Bell, of Dryfesdale Court Lockerbie, beloved wife of the late Robert, a dear sister of Mary a much loved mother of Sarah & Alan, granny to Scott & Clare, Darren & Laura and great granny to James & Cameron.
R.I.P.
Much loved mother of Sarah-Jane and Rebecca-Lee, and a dear friend to many.
Service at Roucan Loch Crematorium on Friday 5th July 2019 at 3.00pm.
THOMSON Mary (ne Lawson) (Linlithgow) Peacefully, at St Michael's Hospital, Linlithgow, on Monday, April 1, 2019, Mary, aged 83 years, beloved wife of the late Bruce, dearly loved mother of Edward and Caroline and a much loved granny.
Ann, aged 74 years, beloved partner of Barney Lennon, loving mum of Ian, gran to Ryan and family.
Will be sadly missed by all of the families and her many friends.
BLACK DUNCAN Suddenly on 2nd January, 2017 at Edinburgh Hospital after sudden heart failure, Duncan (wee Dunc) Black, aged 59 years of Stirling.
ADAMS Jim On the 20th June 2019, peacefully at Allanbank Care Home, Jim Adams R.I.P.
Church, thereafter to St. Thomas Cemetery, to which all family and friends are respectfully invited.
The funeral service will take place at Masonhill Crematorium on Tuesday 13th August 2019 at 11.15am.
on Monday 24th July, 2017, Mary (nee Ferguson), aged 88 years.
Funeral service will be held on Monday 14th October 2019 at Holmsford Bridge Crematorium, Dreghorn at 12.30pm to which all family and friends are respectfully invited.
Funeral service on Wednesday 28th August at St Maurs Glencairn Church, Kilmaurs at 11:45am.
If so desired, donations to Macmillan Cancer Relief may be given at the service.
No flowers, please.
Donations if so desired to Camphill Blair Drummond.
Donations if desired to Charity will be received at the service in memory of Bobby.
Church on Thursday 1st February at 12 noon, thereafter to Bannockburn Cemetery, to which all relatives and friends are respectfully invited.
Funeral service will be held at Thomas Cuthell & Sons, Funeral Parlour, Broad Street, Denny on Friday 1st December at 10.30am, to which all friends are respectfully invited, followed by interment at Hills of Dunipace Cemetery, arriving approximately 11.15am.
Funeral service to which all family and friends are respectfully invited at Kay Park Parish Church, Kilmarnock on Friday 25th January at 11.30 am, thereafter to Masonhill Crematorium, Ayr at 13.15pm.
All friends respectfully invited to attend.
on Thursday 27th September, 2018, George aged 81 years beloved husband to Kathy, much loved dad to Margo, dear grandpa of Stuart, Lynsey and Leigh, doting great grandpa of Ritchie, Ryan, Charley and Chloe.
Ian, beloved husband of Ann, dearly loved pops of Susan, Rosy and Rhona, treasured G-pops of Logan, much loved brother and uncle of the family.
Loving wife of Genaro, a devoted, loving mum of Gabriel, a beloved daughter of Terrance and the late Ellen, daughter in law, sister, sister in law and aunt to the family, and a great friend to those who knew her.
WHITE Suddenly at home on 2nd January 2018, John, beloved husband of Mary, a loving dad to Isabelle, William, Jeanette and Robert.
Funeral thereafter to Caerlaverock Cemetery.
ALLEN JENNIFER On 13th May 2018, at Dumfries Infirmary, peacefully after a long illness, Jennifer Allen nee Johnston, aged 56 years of Craignair Park, Annan, beloved wife of Simon, loved daughter of the late Ronnie and Agnes, loving sister of the late Derek and Lorna and aunt to Craig.
Funeral Private.
Funeral service on Thursday 17th May at Our Lady & St. Ninians Catholic Church, Bannockburn at 12 noon, thereafter to St. Thomas Cemetery, Cambusbarron.
A much loved gran and great gran.
Dearly loved wife of Jim, much loved mum of Patricia, Elspeth and Kenneth and a loving granny.
Funeral service at Our Lady & St. Ninians R.C.
Service at Roucan Loch Crematorium on Thursday 23rd February at 11.00am.
SEAGRAVE David On the 30th September 2019, peacefully in the dedicated care of the Alexandra Unit, David Robert Seagrave, former Chief Inspector of Police and retired solicitor, beloved husband of Fiona, and a much loved father of Alexa and Andrew.
Donations, if desired, to Alzheimer Scotland.
Thereafter, at Masonhill Crematorium, Ayr, at 1:15pm.
Church, at 7.00pm.
Much loved and missed husband to Helen, a loving dad, granda, great grandad and friend to many.
Dearly loved husband of the late Sadie, much loved dad of Alan, Derek and Steven, much loved father-in-law to Gina and Deborah, loving popo to all the grandchildren and great-grandchildren.
Funeral service will take place on Tuesday 2nd April in Roucan Loch Crematorium at 11.00am.
Funeral service at Falkirk Crematorium on Saturday 13th January at 11.15am.
HUGHSON JESSIE After a short illness courageously borne, surrounded by family, Jessie (nee Campbell), aged 85 years passed away at home on Saturday 18th June, 2016.
Treasured dad of Elaine.
Family flowers only please, donations if desired to Alzheimer Scotland and Dumfries & Galloway Sands.
Service at Roucan Loch Crematorium on Wednesday 13th December at 1.00pm.
RICHARDSON ELIZABETH MARTIN Uphall Peacefully, at the home of her daughter Lorraine, on 15th December 2017, Betty, loving mum of Maryanne, Alexander, James, Lorraine and Andrea and beloved nanna.
Loving wife of the late Jackie, special mum of Carol, Michael, Catherine and Stephen, dearly loved sister to Grace, Cathie and Meg, a much loved mother-in-law, gran and great gran.
Family flowers only please, donations if desired for Cancer Research can be given at the service in memory of John.
on Saturday 2nd February 2019, David McAuslan Stewart aged 86 years of Stirling.
Husband to Jean, father to Chris, Alan and Tracey.
Elizabeth nee (Neil) died surrounded by her loving family.
TONNER Peacefuly at home on Friday 7th April 2017, Agnes Tonner (Watt) aged 71 years.
GALBRAITH JESSIE Peacefully, in the tender care of Richmond House, Crieff, on Thursday 22nd June 2017, Jessie (nee Aitken) aged 89 years, of Crieff.
Family flowers only please, donations would be appreciated to Strathcarron Hospice and Beatson Cancer Care.
JONES Hugh Thomas At Ninewells Hospital on Monday 29th October 2018, Hugh Thomas, (Shug), aged 78, formerly Tayside Fire Brigade, much loved husband of Norah, loving father of Angela and Mandy, father-in-law and best pop in the world to Ross, Natalie and Melissa, a dear brother-in-law, uncle and good friend to many.
SNEDDON TOM Boghall Peacefully at St. John's Hospital on 29th October, Tom aged 86 years, a much loved husband of the late Shirley, a much loved Dad of Andrea and the late Dawn, devoted Grandpa of Magali and Anne-Laure and a dear father-in-law to Tom.
Beloved wife to Robert and loving mum to William, Jan and belated son Bobby.
HUME IAN Peacefully after a short illness, in the company of his loving family at Forth Valley Royal Hospital on 31st December 2017.
CRONIE Julie On the 22nd October 2019, peacefully at home, Julie Cronie, aged 40 years of Burnett Avenue, Lochside.
MORE MOIRA Suddenly, but peacefully at home on Monday 17th October, 2016, Moira (nee Russell), aged 78 years of Whins of Milton.
If so desired, donations to Kelton Parish Church may be given at the service.
McLAREN THOMAS (TOM) Suddenly at home, Thomas (Tom) passed away on Friday 21st September 2018.
Funeral will take place on Friday 16th November at Falkirk Crematorium at 10.45am
CROSS At Wishaw General Hospital on 3rd February 2018, David aged 86 years, beloved husband of the late Nan Kenny, much loved dad of Jim and Anne, Moira and John and Dye of Laura, David and Megan.
Service at Roucan Loch Crematorium today, Friday 25th August, at 3pm.
MONTGOMERY ANNA Peacefully on 30th September 2019, Anna aged 81 years.
Funeral on Monday 28th November service in Perth Crematorium at 11am to which all family and friends are respectfully invited.
Adored by his grandchildren and great-grandchildren.
Beloved wife of the late Frank Montgomery, loving mum to Lynn and Frances, mother-in-law, gran and great gran.
WATSON Geoff Watson of Dundonald, died suddenly on Wednesday 20th June 2018.
Reception and Vigil at St. James RC Church Paisley on Wednesday 13th March at 6pm.
Reception and Vigil at St. Michael's Church on Wednesday 3rd April at 6.30 p.m. Funeral Mass on Thursday 4th at 10.00 a.m. thereafter to Dumbarton Cemetery.
Requiem Mass at 11.00am, on Thursday, 30th June and thereafter at Philipshill Cemetery.
McMILLAN Robert Suddenly on 17th January 2019 as the result of a tragic accident in East Kilbride, Rab (Robert) aged 55 years.
Devoted husband of Sheila.
All welcome.
on Friday 12th January, 2018, Shirley Quinn, aged 51 years of Cowie.
McCAFFERY Isabella Peacefully at F.V.R.H on Monday 7th October 2019, Isabella McCaffery (nee Johnstone) aged 88 years of Bannockburn and formerly of Cowie.
Family flowers only please, donations if desired to the Stroke Ward (D7) at Dumfries Infirmary will be received at the service in memory of Isabel.
ROY William Suddenly at home on Sunday, 19th May 2019.
Family flowers only please, donations if desired for the British Heart Foundation can be given at the service in memory of Margaret.
Family flowers only please, but donations if so desired in aid of British Heart Foundation.
Funeral on Tuesday 6th November, service in Perth Crematorium at 3.00pm to which all family and friends are respectfully invited.
SIMPSON DAVID Peacefully with his family at Cornhill Macmillan Centre, Perth on Sunday 20th November 2016, David William (of Stagecoach, Perth) beloved husband of Mairi, dearly loved dad of Jacqueline, Carole, Louise, David and Laura, a loved Grandpa of Rebecca and James, a dear brother, son-in-law, father-in-law, brother-in-law and uncle.
Whatever else we fail to do, we never fail to think of you.
SHARPE Wilma Sadly at Crosshouse Hospital on 16th February 2019, Wilma passed away.
Committal thereafter to Roucan Loch Crematorium at 2.00pm.
Family flowers only please but if desired a retiring collection will be taken for Prostate Cancer UK.
Donations if desired to the British Heart Foundation will be received at the service in memory of William.
Will be sadly missed by all family and friends.
The family will be celebrating his life at Masonhill Crematorium on Monday 2nd July at 11.15am.
Funeral service at the Allan Park South Church on Thursday 14th February at 11.00.
Beloved wife of the late Terry Keeling, much cherished daughter, sister, step-mum, granma, great-granma, aunt, friend and neighbour.
Funeral service in Dunblane Cathedral on Saturday 6th October at 10am followed by an interment thereafter in Dunblane New Cemetery, to which all family and friends are respectfully invited.
For funeral arrangements, please contact David Henderson-Lloyd Funeral Directors on 01786 813231.
Funeral service at Portland Funeral Parlour on Thursday 28th February at 1.30pm followed by interment at Kilmarnock Cemetery
Funeral service will be held at Bonnybridge St. Helen's Parish Church on Friday 5th May at 1pm.
A dear wife of the late Edward Copland (Ed), a much loved mother of Eddie and Billy, dear mother-in-law, granny and great granny.
Devoted husband of Georgina, treasured dad of Rachel and Joshua, a loving son of Audrey and the late David (Davy), dearest son-in-law to Etta.
Funeral service today Wednesday 26th July at Dryfesdale Church Lockerbie at 2.30pm, thereafter to Roucan Loch Crematorium Dumfries.
Funeral Mass will be held at St Michael's RC Church, Linlithgow, on Friday, April 12, at 10am, followed by interment at Kingscavil Cemetery, arriving at approximately 11.15am.
Donations in lieu of flowers to Accord Hospice.
Beloved wife of Les (she was a former Administrator at Ayrshire Post in the late 70's, also former Booking Clerk at Butlin's Holiday Camp), sister of Mary, sister-in-law of Janet and Allan and a loving aunt of the family.
No flowers please.
followed by interment in St. Cuthbert's Churchyard.
Much loved mother of Mary, grandmother to Christine and Michael and great grandmother to Leah, Bobby, Kacie, Freya, Fallon and Hunter.
Dearly beloved wife of the late Robert Anderson, much loved Mum of Gordon, Neil, Aileen and Fiona, a devoted Gran and Great Gran to Gillian, Jennifer, Laura, Louise, Lisa, Sophie, Abigail, Olivia and Oliver.
Beloved brother of Alistair, Billy and the late Maisie and the late Arthur.
She was a cherished wife to the late Bill Hughson, a very loving mother, grandmother and great grandmother of all the family.
JARDINE On 27th September 2017, suddenly, Margaret Kathleen (Marleen) Jardine, St. Andrew Drive, Castle Douglas.
Also a loving gran to all her grandchildren.
Much loved and sadly missed by his family and many friends.
Family flowers only please, however donations to Strathcarron Hospice will be gratefully received.
Funeral service will take place on Friday 24th June at Falkirk Crematorium at 2.30pm, to which all family and friends are respectfully invited.
SPEIRS Peacefully at home on 26th May 2018, Annie McMaster Speirs, died aged 83 years, beloved wife of the late Billy and a much-loved mum, gran and great gran of the family, will be sadly missed by all.
God Bless.
Private cremation thereafter.
Funeral Service at Woodside Crematorium on Monday 15th October at 1pm.
There will be a retiral collection in aid of Dementia Scotland.
Funeral will be held on Wednesday 5th June at Roucan Loch Crematorium at 12noon to which all friends and family are invited to attend.
DOCHERTY ANNE CAMPBELL Peacefully at home on Saturday 22nd October 2016.
Funeral service to be held on Wednesday 11th January at St. Mark's Church at 10.30am, thereafter to St. Thomas, Cambusbarron at 11.15am.
What a wonderful life he had.
Service to be held in Wamphray Parish Church on Monday 20th March at 12 noon, thereafter to Wamphray Churchyard Cemetery to which all friends are respectfully invited to attend.
Beloved wife of the late John Murie, and a much loved mother, grandmother and sister.
Beloved husband of Ina, loving dad to Steven, Kevin and Lee, cherished grandad to Claire, Ryan, Gary, Cleo, Eva and Louis and father-in-law to Julie, Debbie and Stevie.
Service at Thornhill Parish Church on Monday 5th June at 11.15am followed by interment at Morton Cemetery.
Beloved Wife of the late Ronnie, Mother of Allan, Kenneth and Gordon and a much loved Granny.
MURDOCH NINA Armadale Peacefully, at St. John's Hospital, on 23rd April 2017, surrounded by her family, Nina, beloved wife of Ian much loved mum of Marnie and Lara, mum-in-law to Evan, proud gran of Tuesday, Charley, Scott, Cerys and Logan, treasured sister of Gilbert, Betty, Brian, Sandra, Elaine, Jim and Isabel.
Funeral Service, to which all friends are respectfully invited, to be held at Craigton Crematorium on Wednesday 29th May at 10.30am.
All Welcome.
LITTLEJOHNS Margaret On 14th February 2019, Margaret of Buxton and formerly of Kirkcudbright, passed away peacefully at The Haddon Hall Care Home, aged 93 years.
Reception and Vigil prayers at St. Mary's R.C.
Funeral service at Masonhill Crematorium, Ayr on Friday 5th January 2018 at 1.15pm.
GIANNANDREA MARGARET Unexpectedly at home on Friday 12th May 2017, Margaret (nee Kelly), aged 53 years.
Donations if desired for the Marie Curie and Macmillan Nurses can be given at the service in memory of Dougie.
A retiral collection will be offered for Access Adventure.
Thereafter to St Thomas Cemetery to which all relatives and friends are respectfully invited.
A friend to all who knew her.
Donations in memory of Margaret for RNLI may be sent to: R.W.
Funeral Mass 9.30am, Tuesday 5th November 2019 at St Ignatius RC Church, Wishaw followed by Full Committal at Cambusnethan Cemetery.
COUTTS VIOLET Peacefully at Ward 36, the Royal Alexandra Hospital, Paisley on 11th April 2017.
Donations if desired to the British Heart Foundation will be received at the service in memory of David.
Funeral Service to which all family and friends are respectfully invited at Woodside Crematorium, on Wednesday 10th January at 3pm.
CAMPBELL JOHN Peacefully at Forth Valley Royal Hospital on 22nd November, 2017, surrounded by his loving family, John Campbell, aged 72 years.
Service to which all are welcome, will be held at Thomas Brown Service Room on Wednesday 3rd January 2018 at 2pm, thereafter to Loaninghill Cemetery at 2.45pm.
Beloved husband of Della, much loved father of Tony and Dawn, and a loved father-in-law, papa and great papa.
Donations in lieu of flowers, if so desired to Multiple Sclerosis Society Scotland.
Funeral service will take place on Thursday 13th April 2017 in R B Steele's, Ballot Road, Irvine at 1.30pm and thereafter to Kilmarnock Cemetery, Grassyards Road for 2.30pm.
Funeral service will take place at St. Leonards RC Church on Monday 19th June, at 10am, then a committal at South Lanarkshire Crematorium at 11am.
Funeral service to which all family and friends are respectfully invited at Woodside Crematorium on Saturday 5th November at 11am.
Beloved wife of the late Alan, loving mother of Ann, Susan and the late Janet, also a cherished granny and great-granny.
Loving mother to Margaret, Craig and Gordon and Nan to grandchildren and great-grandchildren.
Stroke and Heart Unit.
At the request of the family we would ask that all mourners attending the service wear a touch of blue.
Beloved wife of the late Albert, much loved mother of John, Adam, Albert and the late David.
Church on Monday, 20th November at 6.00pm.
Much loved grandpa of Alexandra, Lisa and Charlotte and brother of Linda Combes.
Cherished great grandmother to Rebecca, Daniel, Jake, Cassie, Maddison, Tori-Leigh, Brogan, Faith and Robyn and a dear sister and Aunt of the family.
Donations if desired for Prostate Cancer research will be gratefully received in memory of Jim.
She will be sadly missed.
CHALMERS James On Wednesday 15th May 2019 at home, Fergus Walk, Dumfries, James, beloved son of the late Janet Chalmers.
Fortified by Rites of the Holy Church R.I.P.
WILSON SUZAN Suzan (nee Miller) passed away peacefully on 27th April, 2017, aged 79 years.
Funeral Mass at St. Peter's RC Church, Carmondean on Friday 12th May at 9.30am, thereafter to Boghead Cemetery, Bathgate, arriving 11am.
Family flowers only please, donations if desired to Singleton Park Care Home (Residents Fund).
HAMILL Agnes Peacefully, at home, surrounded by her family, on 29th March 2019, Agnes nee Corrigan, beloved wife of the late Robert, much loved mum to Robert, Ian, Bernard and the late Ann and loving grandmother and great grandmother to all the family.
COMBES JOHN CYRIL MASON Peacefully at the Royal Alexandra Hospital on Wednesday 2nd November 2016.
Family flowers only.
Funeral service will be held on Thursday 3rd August at 10am at St. Mary's R.C.
McDADE JOSEPH Suddenly but peacefully at the Royal Alexandra Hospital, surrounded by his family on Sunday, 12th November, 2017, Joe, beloved Husband of Frances, much loved Father of Joseph, Christina, Andrew, Graham, Karen and Fiona and adored Grumpy to all his Grandchildren.
HORNELL ANN On the 2nd September 2016, peacefully at Lochmaben Hospital, Ann Hornell nee Wilson, aged 85 years of Brooms Road, Dumfries.
Funeral service, to which all friends are respectfully invited, at Crieff Parish Church, on Monday 3rd July at 11.00am.
Beloved wife to the late Robert Dick Russell, much loved mum to Adrian and partner Jan, gran to Kyle, Robyn and Ceira, loving aunt, sister and a friend to all.
DAWSON Peacefully at home, Beannie Farm, Braco on August 4th 2017, Jamie, aged 55 years.
Percival, Heath Street, Buxton, SK17 6LT.
Sadly missed by all.
Family flowers only please, donations if desired can be given at the service in memory of David.
Beloved mum to Peter, John Thomas and Margaret, devoted gran to Craig, Caitlin and J.J. Loving sister to Joseph, Tom and Robert and friend to many.
Donations to Cardiac Arrest Ward at Little France Royal Infirmary, Edinburgh
He will be sadly missed by his family and many friends.
Funeral service to be held at West Lothian Crematorium on Friday 23rd June 2pm, which all are welcome.
For funeral arrangements, please contact David Henderson-Lloyd Funeral Directors on 01786 813231.
He will be loved and remembered fondly by all his family and friends.
Beloved wife of the late Bill, much loved mum to Bill and Ann, Gran to Ryan, Andrea, Kimberley and Alyn and great gran to Harry, Jack and Oliver.
Funeral service, to which all family and friends are respectfully invited, at Woodside Crematorium, on Monday 5th March at 2pm.
Ann will always be sadly missed.
JARVIE YVONNE Boghall Peacefully at home, on 5th November 2017, Yvonne, aged 72 years, much loved wife of Bill, a dear mum to Stephen and grandma to Megan and Sam.
Funeral Mass on Tuesday 21st November at 9.30am, thereafter to Kilbarchan Cemetery.
Funeral Service will be held at Falkirk Crematorium on Thursday 25th April, at 1.00pm to which all family and friends are respectfully invited.
Beloved husband of Ellan, dearly loved father of Stewart and Andrew, father-in-law of Hazel and Lynn and a much loved papa and great-papa.
Service at Roucan Loch Crematorium on Wednesday, 6th November 2019 at 12.00 noon.
Beloved wife of the late Ian, loving mother and mother-in-law of Senga & Michael and a much loved grandma of Catriona & Hannah.
Funeral Service to which all friends are respectfully invited at Woodside Crematorium, Paisley on Thursday 20th April 2017 at 3pm.
Family flowers only please.
Family flowers only please as there will be a retiral collection for those wishing to donate to Kidney Association.
Funeral service at Ardoch Parish Church, Braco on Tuesday August 15th 2017 at 11.00am, interment thereafter at Braco New Cemetery, all friends respectfully invited (kilts welcome).
Donations if desired can be given at the service in memory of Tam.
POTTS DAVID On the 10th August 2017, suddenly at his home, David Potts of Kirkpatrick Court, Dumfries, loving partner of Audrey, loving father, grandfather, great-grandfather and brother.