Funeral Private.
RANKIN JOHN John, aged 83, died peacefully, at Cornhill Macmillan Centre, on Sunday 8th January 2017, beloved husband of Lynn, much-loved dad of Wendy and Elise and a dear brother of Hazel.
Service at Roucan Loch Crematorium on Thursday 23rd February at 11.00am.
CAMPBELL JOHN Peacefully at Forth Valley Royal Hospital on 22nd November, 2017, surrounded by his loving family, John Campbell, aged 72 years.
Service at William Jardine Chapel of Rest, 23 Terregles Street, Dumfries today, Friday 9th February, at 9.30am.
MEIKLEM WINN Peacefully, at Ochil Care Home, Perth , on Friday, January 26th, 2018, Winn, aged 92 years (formerly of the Newrow), beloved wife of the late Fred, dearly loved mum of Linda, Fred, Eleanor, Val and John, a proud and loving nana and great nana, a dear mother-in-law and a good friend and neighbour.
Family flowers only please, donations if desired for the British Heart Foundation can be given at the service in memory of Margaret.
Funeral thereafter to Caerlaverock Cemetery.
Donations if desired for Prostate Cancer research will be gratefully received in memory of Jim.
O'BRIEN ROBERT (BOB) Treasured memories of Bob, loving husband of Beryl, dad and papa, passed away 20th May 2014.
WATSON John Peacefully after a short illness on Friday 2nd November 2018 at Forth Valley Royal Hospital, John aged 76 years.
GOODWIN DOUGLAS On 24th January 2018, peacefully at Dumfries Infirmary, in the presence of his family, Douglas Goodwin (Dougie), Ex ICI, of Brownrigg Loaning, Dumfries, formerly of Bloomfield.
Funeral service will be held in Kirkcudbright Parish Church today, Thursday 22nd March, at 2.00pm.
Loving wife of the late Ian, treasured Mum of Mary, John, Steven, Peter, Ann Marie, Aileen, Eilish and the late David and much loved Nana to all the family.
Beloved husband of Ellan, dearly loved father of Stewart and Andrew, father-in-law of Hazel and Lynn and a much loved papa and great-papa.
If so desired, donations to Kelton Parish Church may be given at the service.
Funeral service at Masonhill Crematorium on Tuesday 8th November at 2.00pm, to which all relatives and friends are respectfully invited.
GIANNANDREA MARGARET Unexpectedly at home on Friday 12th May 2017 , Margaret (nee Kelly), aged 53 years.
Family flowers only please but if desired a retiring collection will be taken at the Crematorium for Alzheimer Scotland.
Funeral Service will be held at Falkirk Crematorium on Thursday 25th April, at 1.00pm to which all family and friends are respectfully invited.
Funeral Service, to which all friends are respectfully invited, to be held at Craigton Crematorium on Wednesday 29th May at 10.30am.
Funeral thereafter to Dumfries High Cemetery.
Dearly beloved wife of the late Robert Anderson, much loved Mum of Gordon, Neil, Aileen and Fiona, a devoted Gran and Great Gran to Gillian, Jennifer, Laura, Louise, Lisa, Sophie, Abigail, Olivia and Oliver.
Much loved and sadly missed by his family and many friends.
Beloved wife of the late Terry Keeling, much cherished daughter, sister, step-mum, granma, great-granma, aunt, friend and neighbour.
Anne (nee Meikle) beloved wife of the late William.
STEWART James (Jimmy) Peacefully passed away on Sunday 14th April 2019, Jimmy aged 69 years, of Cornton.
Yvonne was previously playground supervisor at Boghall Primary School.
DRYNAN ISOBEL On the 18th February 2019, peacefully in the Alexandra Unit, Isobel May Drynan, ne Parker, New Abbey Road, Dumfries.
Will be sorely missed.
SHAW DOROTHY ELIZABETH Peacefully at Glenfairn Care Home on Wednesday 26th October 2016, Dorothy.
Funeral service to which all family and friends are respectfully invited at Woodside Crematorium on Saturday 5th November at 11am.
O'HALLORAN JACK Peacefully, at Udston Hospital, on the 10th June 2017, Jack, beloved husband of Margaret, loving father to Claire and Suzanne, dearly beloved grandfather and family member to all.
Donations if desired for the Marie Curie and Macmillan Nurses can be given at the service in memory of Dougie.
Donations if desired for Cancer Research UK will be gratefully received in memory of Margaret.
SEAGRAVE David On the 30th September 2019, peacefully in the dedicated care of the Alexandra Unit, David Robert Seagrave, former Chief Inspector of Police and retired solicitor, beloved husband of Fiona, and a much loved father of Alexa and Andrew.
Also a loving gran to all her grandchildren.
DOBBIE ELIZABETH On 17th July 2017, peacefully at Dumfries & Galloway Royal Infirmary, Elizabeth (Betty) nee Bell, of Dryfesdale Court Lockerbie, beloved wife of the late Robert, a dear sister of Mary a much loved mother of Sarah & Alan, granny to Scott & Clare, Darren & Laura and great granny to James & Cameron.
Ann, aged 74 years, beloved partner of Barney Lennon, loving mum of Ian, gran to Ryan and family.
Beloved wife of the late Alan, loving mother of Ann, Susan and the late Janet, also a cherished granny and great-granny.
All family and friends welcome.
Family flowers only please, donations if desired, to be given to Strathcarron Hospice.
Service at St. Michaels and South Parish Church, today, Friday 9th September at 1.15pm.
JONES Hugh Thomas At Ninewells Hospital on Monday 29th October 2018, Hugh Thomas, (Shug), aged 78, formerly Tayside Fire Brigade, much loved husband of Norah, loving father of Angela and Mandy, father-in-law and best pop in the world to Ross, Natalie and Melissa, a dear brother-in-law, uncle and good friend to many.
JARDINE On 27th September 2017, suddenly, Margaret Kathleen (Marleen) Jardine, St. Andrew Drive, Castle Douglas.
Funeral Today Friday 30th September service in Perth Crematorium at 11.30am to which all family and friends are respectfully invited Family flowers only please but if desired a retiring collection will be taken at the Crematorium for the British Heart Foundation.
Family flowers only please, but donations if so desired in aid of British Heart Foundation.
Donations if so desired to Alzheimer's Scotland.
Beloved wife to Robert and loving mum to William, Jan and belated son Bobby.
Funeral Mass 9.30am, Tuesday 5th November 2019 at St Ignatius RC Church , Wishaw followed by Full Committal at Cambusnethan Cemetery.
HAYMARCH Hugh Suddenly on 31st July 2019, Hugh aged 74 years, beloved husband of Frances, much loved dad to Gary, Mark and Debbie, devoted papa and great grandpa, he will be dearly missed by all who knew him.
Elizabeth nee (Neil) died surrounded by her loving family.
Family flowers only please, in lieu of flowers donations to Chest Heart and Stroke Scotland.
Family flowers only please, donations if desired to the Stroke Ward (D7) at Dumfries Infirmary will be received at the service in memory of Isabel.
MURDOCH NINA Armadale Peacefully, at St. John's Hospital, on 23rd April 2017, surrounded by her family, Nina, beloved wife of Ian much loved mum of Marnie and Lara, mum-in-law to Evan, proud gran of Tuesday, Charley, Scott, Cerys and Logan, treasured sister of Gilbert, Betty, Brian, Sandra, Elaine, Jim and Isabel.
Cremation thereafter at Roucan Loch Crematorium.
Bill, beloved husband of the late Irene, much loved and devoted dad, papa and great-papa who will be sadly missed.
JOHNSTON MARY Peacefully on Thursday 24th October 2019 within Wishaw General Hospital, surrounded by her loving family, May Johnston, mother of Garry, Steven and Lynne and proud grandmother to Ryan, Danielle, Sean and Natalie.
All friends respectfully invited to attend.
Dearest father-in-law of Stuart and a cherished grandpop to Andrew and Rhona.
Funeral Mass on Tuesday 21st November at 9.30am, thereafter to Kilbarchan Cemetery.
Funeral Mass will be held at St Michael's RC Church, Linlithgow, on Friday, April 12, at 10am, followed by interment at Kingscavil Cemetery, arriving at approximately 11.15am.
Treasured dad of Elaine.
Family flowers only please, but donations may be given at the Church door, if so desired, in aid of Richmond House Care Home Fund.
Sadly missed by all her family and friends.
Beloved wife of the late Ian, loving mother and mother-in-law of Senga & Michael and a much loved grandma of Catriona & Hannah.
Funeral service will take place at St. Leonards RC Church on Monday 19th June, at 10am, then a committal at South Lanarkshire Crematorium at 11am.
THOMSON Mary (ne Lawson) (Linlithgow) Peacefully, at St Michael's Hospital, Linlithgow, on Monday, April 1, 2019, Mary, aged 83 years, beloved wife of the late Bruce, dearly loved mother of Edward and Caroline and a much loved granny.
Will be sorely missed by all.
Funeral will be held on Monday 13th February at 12noon at Roucan Loch Crematorium, Dumfries to which all friends are respectfully invited.
Donations if desired to the British Heart Foundation will be received at the service in memory of William.
Funeral Service to which all family and friends are respectfully invited at Woodside Crematorium, on Wednesday 10th January at 3pm.
JARVIE YVONNE Boghall Peacefully at home, on 5th November 2017, Yvonne, aged 72 years, much loved wife of Bill, a dear mum to Stephen and grandma to Megan and Sam.
MUNDY KATE Peacefully after a long illness on Thursday 22nd December, 2016, Kate (nee Milne), of Alloway Drive, Cowie.
Sadly missed by all her nieces, nephews, friends and neighbours.
Family flowers only please, donations if desired, to be given to F.V.R.H. Stroke and Heart Unit.
CROALL JOHN On 1st February 2018, peacefully at Dumfries Infirmary, John Croall, beloved husband of Jean, much loved dad of Keith and cherished grandad.
DUNCAN-PARKER JOYA On the 27th August 2018, suddenly at home, Joya Duncan-Parker (Joyce Parker), aged 69 years, of Clarencefield, formerly of Dumfries, loving mum of Paul and Lee, and a much loved nana.
John, beloved husband of Frances, loving dad of Rhoda, Stuart and Nicholas.
MURIE JESSIE Peacefully, at Summerlee House, Coatbridge, on 25th February 2017, Jessie, aged 90 years.
Funeral service at Ruthwell Church on Friday 2nd August at 12:00 noon, thereafter to Churchyard.
Donations if desired to St. Michaels Church Fabric Fund can be given at the service in memory of Ann.
Fortified by Rites of the Holy Church R.I.P. Reception and Vigil prayers at St. Mary's R.C. Church on Monday, 20th November at 6.00pm.
If so desired, donations to Alzheimer Scotland may be given at the service.
Loving mother to Margaret, Craig and Gordon and Nan to grandchildren and great-grandchildren.
Donations in lieu of flowers to Strathcarron Hospice.
MEGSON ELIZABETH Peacefully, at home in Elderslie, on 16th February 2018.
QUINN SHIRLEY Unexpectedly, but peacefully at F.V.R.H. on Friday 12th January, 2018, Shirley Quinn, aged 51 years of Cowie.
Beloved brother of Alistair, Billy and the late Maisie and the late Arthur.
KERR ROBERT On the 4th July 2017, peacefully at his own home, in the presence of his family, Bobby Kerr, beloved partner of Izzy Laurie, a dearly loved dad, stepdad and papa.
A service to celebrate Winn's life will be held in the Knox Chapel, St John's Kirk on Tuesday, February 6th at 1.30pm, to which all family and friends are welcome.
Loving wife of the late Jackie, special mum of Carol, Michael, Catherine and Stephen, dearly loved sister to Grace, Cathie and Meg, a much loved mother-in-law, gran and great gran.
Funeral service will take place on Tuesday 2nd April in Roucan Loch Crematorium at 11.00am.
Donations if desired to the British Heart Foundation will be received at the service in memory of David.
A retiral collection will be offered for Access Adventure.
Funeral service to which all family and friends are welcome will take place at Woodside Crematorium on Thursday 27th June 2019 at 12 noon.
TONNER Peacefuly at home on Friday 7th April 2017 , Agnes Tonner (Watt) aged 71 years.
HORNELL ANN On the 2nd September 2016, peacefully at Lochmaben Hospital, Ann Hornell nee Wilson, aged 85 years of Brooms Road, Dumfries.
GALBRAITH JESSIE Peacefully, in the tender care of Richmond House, Crieff, on Thursday 22nd June 2017, Jessie (nee Aitken) aged 89 years, of Crieff.
Family Flowers only please.
Funeral on Friday 14th October service in Perth Crematorium at 2pm to which all family and friends are respectfully invited.
MOFFAT Mary On 19th May 2017, peacefully at Dumfries Infirmary, Mary Moffat nee Richardson of Kinnell Street, Thornhill, beloved wife of David, a much loved mother of James and Shona and a loving granny and great-granny.
STEVENSON MARGARET (NEE CRAIG) On 1st December 2016, Margaret of Kilmaurs passed away at Crosshouse Hospital aged 88.
Beloved wife of the late James, devoted and caring mum of Edith, Ann, Edward, James, Richard, Tracey and Laura, a much loved mother-in-law, gran and great-gran of the family.
Family flowers only please but if desired donations kindly received will go to F.V.R.H. Ward B12.
A retiring collection will be taken for Crossroads Care in memory of Mary at the service.
Family flowers only please, donations if desired can be given at the service in memory of David.
The family would then ask for you to join them at The British Legion Club Irvine thereafter, and all are welcome.
All friends are respectfully invited to attend.
At the request of the family we would ask that all mourners attending the service wear a touch of blue.
CORRIE Margaret On the 24th March 2019, peacefully in Barlochan House Care Home and formerly of Dalry, Margaret Corrie.
RUSSELL CATHERINE Peacefully on the 18th June 2017 at home, Catherine of Callander.
HAGGARTY DAVID Peacefully on the 13th June 2019 at the Royal Alexandra Hospital, David (Prince Rajah the Magician).
A celebration of John's life will be held at Perth Crematorium, on Monday 23rd January at 11.30 a.m., to which all family and friends are welcome.
Much loved grandpa of Alexandra, Lisa and Charlotte and brother of Linda Combes.
No flowers please.
Family flowers only.
Family flowers only please, but if so desired, donations may be given on leaving the crematorium for John's chosen charities.
BEGGS Suddenly, result of a tragic accident, Ann passed away on the 4th June 2016, surrounded by her loving family.
Family flowers only please but if desired a retiring collection will be taken at the Crematorium for ward 32, Ninewells Hospital and Cornhill Macmillan Centre, Perth.
Family flowers only please, donations if desired for Cancer Research can be given at the service in memory of John.
A much loved granda to five and great granda to three and also a dear father-in-law and brother who will be sadly missed.
Following a private cremation a service of thanksgiving will be held on Friday 6th October in Kelton Parish Church at 12.45pm.
Family flowers only please as there will be a retiral collection for those wishing to donate to Kidney Association.
Service at Roucan Loch Crematorium on Friday 25th May at 11am.
Funeral Service on Monday 11th June 2018 at Holmsford Bridge Crematorium at 12.30pm.
Donations in memory of Margaret for RNLI may be sent to: R.W. Percival, Heath Street, Buxton, SK17 6LT.
Beloved wife to the late Robert Dick Russell, much loved mum to Adrian and partner Jan, gran to Kyle, Robyn and Ceira, loving aunt, sister and a friend to all.
Funeral service will take place on Tuesday 26th February at Roucan Loch Crematorium at 1.00pm.
Loving partner of Derek, treasured daughter of Betty and the late Pat, caring sister of Carole, Mark and his partner Cathie, a sadly missed aunt, niece and friend to all who knew her.
Service at Roucan Loch Crematorium on Thursday 5th April at 10.00am to which all friends are respectfully invited.
She was a cherished wife to the late Bill Hughson, a very loving mother, grandmother and great grandmother of all the family.
KEELING Sarah (Sadie) Nee Fulton Aged 77, passed away peacefully at Crosshouse Hospital on Thursday 22nd August 2019 after a short illness, bravely borne.
Funeral service will take place on Thursday 13th April 2017 in R B Steele's, Ballot Road, Irvine at 1.30pm and thereafter to Kilmarnock Cemetery, Grassyards Road for 2.30pm.
Beloved wife of Les (she was a former Administrator at Ayrshire Post in the late 70's, also former Booking Clerk at Butlin's Holiday Camp), sister of Mary, sister-in-law of Janet and Allan and a loving aunt of the family.
Donations if desired to Charity will be received at the service in memory of Bobby.
Funeral service to be held on Wednesday 11th January at St. Mark's Church at 10.30am, thereafter to St. Thomas, Cambusbarron at 11.15am.
Funeral Mass on Thursday 14th March at 9.30am thereafter to Woodside Crematorium.
Dearly loved wife of the late Bill, much loved sister to Hughie, Jim, Jean, Joe and of the late Helen, Alex, Ann and William, a loving aunt and great aunt.
SHIELDS Thomas (Tam) Suddenly at home on Thursday 2nd May 2019, Thomas (Tam) much loved and devoted husband of Christine, a dearly loved dad of Yvonne and Laura, father-in-law of Alex and Andrew, a doting papa to Abby and a friend to many.
Funeral service on Thursday 31st January 2019 at South Lanarkshire Crematorium, Sydes Brae, Blantyre, G72 0TL at 12:30pm to which all friends are respectfully invited.
Dearly loved husband of the late Sadie, much loved dad of Alan, Derek and Steven, much loved father-in-law to Gina and Deborah, loving popo to all the grandchildren and great-grandchildren.
PEDEN WILLIAM On the 30th November 2017, peacefully at Dumfries Infirmary, William David Peden of Islesteps, formerly of Castlewigg, Whithorn, beloved husband of the late Joyce, dearly loved dad of Ian and Alan, father-in-law of Daine and Mandy and loved papa of Andrew.
Family flowers only please, in lieu, donations for The Stroke Unit Crosshouse Hospital would be appreciated.
Donations if desired can be given at the service for Marie Curie in memory of Jennifer.
R.I.P. Funeral service at Our Lady & St. Ninians R.C. Church on Thursday 1st February at 12 noon, thereafter to Bannockburn Cemetery, to which all relatives and friends are respectfully invited.
FERGUSON ISA On 15th March 2018, peacefully in Dumfries and Galloway Royal Infirmary, Isa Ferguson, Merse Drive, Kirkcudbright.
All family and friends are respectfully invited.
All Welcome.
Funeral Service to take place at Macclesfield Crematorium on 15th March, 2019 at 2pm.
Funeral service, to which all friends are respectfully invited, at Crieff Parish Church, on Monday 3rd July at 11.00am.
Much loved and missed husband to Helen, a loving dad, granda, great grandad and friend to many.
Devoted mum of Anne, Brian, Karen and the late Billy.
HUGHSON JESSIE After a short illness courageously borne, surrounded by family, Jessie (nee Campbell), aged 85 years passed away at home on Saturday 18th June, 2016.
For funeral arrangements, please contact David Henderson-Lloyd Funeral Directors on 01786 813231.
Donations if desired to Cancer Research UK and Strathcarron Hospice.
Dearly loved wife of David, much loved mum to Pamela and Lyn, loving granny to Harry and Finn and nana to Noah.
VIVERS Jean On 24th July 2019 peacefully at Bankfoot House Moffat, Jean in her 100th year, beloved wife of the late Joseph, a loving mother of Sally, Nessie and Fiona, a dear grandmother, great grandmother and great great grandmother.
Funeral on Thursday 4th May, 3pm at West Lothian Crematorium.
SNEDDON TOM Boghall Peacefully at St. John's Hospital on 29th October, Tom aged 86 years, a much loved husband of the late Shirley, a much loved Dad of Andrea and the late Dawn, devoted Grandpa of Magali and Anne-Laure and a dear father-in-law to Tom.
Funeral service will take place on Friday 24th June at Falkirk Crematorium at 2.30pm, to which all family and friends are respectfully invited.
Donations if desired can be given at the service in memory of Tam.
DOCHERTY ANNE CAMPBELL Peacefully at home on Saturday 22nd October 2016.
Funeral service will take place at Masonhill Crematorium on Tuesday 23rd October 2018 at 10.30.
COPLAND SARAH AGNES On 11th March 2017, peacefully at Singleton Lodge, Sarah Agnes Copland (Nancy) nee Fergusson formerly of Lilac Cottage, Wamphray.
COMBES JOHN CYRIL MASON Peacefully at the Royal Alexandra Hospital on Wednesday 2nd November 2016.
A collection will be taken on retiral for The Ayrshire Hospice.
McGOOKIN RAYMOND Peacefully, at home, on Tuesday 19th December 2017.
Our hearts are broken Service at St. Matthews Church on Friday 10th May at 10am funeral thereafter to Kilmarnock Cemetery arriving at 11.15am to which all friends are respectfully invited.
Funeral on Monday 28th November service in Perth Crematorium at 11am to which all family and friends are respectfully invited.
Reception and Vigil at St. James RC Church Paisley on Wednesday 13th March at 6pm.
A much loved gran and great gran.
He will be loved and remembered fondly by all his family and friends.
Service at Roucan Loch Crematorium today, Friday 25th August, at 3pm.
Devoted husband of Sheila.
McCLURG THOMAS On the 9th February 2017, peacefully at Dumfries Infirmary, Thomas Landers McClurg (Tam), of Criffel Road, Dumfries, beloved husband of the late Violet and a dearly loved father, father-in-law, papa, brother, uncle and friend.
The funeral service will take place at Masonhill Crematorium on Tuesday 13th August 2019 at 11.15am.
Service at St John's Church on Friday 18th October 2019 at 11.00am.
What a wonderful life he had.
Elizabeth Megson, beloved wife of the late George, much loved grandmother to Pauline and Alan, devoted mother to the late Stanley and mother-in-law to Edith, also a proud great-gran to Margot.
RICHARDSON ELIZABETH MARTIN Uphall Peacefully, at the home of her daughter Lorraine, on 15th December 2017, Betty, loving mum of Maryanne, Alexander, James, Lorraine and Andrea and beloved nanna.
Funeral Mass will take place on Wednesday 31st May at Our Lady and St Ninians RC Church at 10am, thereafter to Bannockburn Cemetery for 11.15am.
Loving dad of Jodi, Sarah and John, much loved grandad of Joshua, dearly loved brother of Christeen and the late Evelyn and a dear brother-in-law, uncle and friend to many.
LITTLEJOHNS Margaret On 14th February 2019, Margaret of Buxton and formerly of Kirkcudbright, passed away peacefully at The Haddon Hall Care Home, aged 93 years.
WHITE Suddenly at home on 2nd January 2018, John, beloved husband of Mary, a loving dad to Isabelle, William, Jeanette and Robert.
All welcome.
KEIR IAN Peacefully, at home on Friday October 7th 2016, Ian aged 84 years of Bannockburn.
HARRIS MAGGIE HELEN BEATEN (PEGGIE) (n?e Telfer) After a long illness, on 25th October 2017, in the care of Lennel House, Coldstream.
ALLEN JENNIFER On 13th May 2018, at Dumfries Infirmary, peacefully after a long illness, Jennifer Allen nee Johnston, aged 56 years of Craignair Park, Annan, beloved wife of Simon, loved daughter of the late Ronnie and Agnes, loving sister of the late Derek and Lorna and aunt to Craig.
Funeral on Tuesday 6th November, service in Perth Crematorium at 3.00pm to which all family and friends are respectfully invited.
Loving wife of Genaro, a devoted, loving mum of Gabriel, a beloved daughter of Terrance and the late Ellen, daughter in law, sister, sister in law and aunt to the family, and a great friend to those who knew her.
Family flowers only please, but if desired a retiring collection will be taken at the crematorium for The Guide Dogs for the Blind.
She will be sadly missed.
Committal thereafter to Roucan Loch Crematorium at 2.00pm.
Ray, much loved dad of Richard, loving granda of Craig, Caitlin, Jamie, Nicole, Chloe, Natalie and Richard.
DUNCAN Dave At Ochil Care Home, Perth on Thursday 24th January 2019, Dave, aged 73 years, retired administrator Guide Dogs for the Blind.
Service at the Crichton Memorial Church on Thursday 13th July at 11am.
ROY William Suddenly at home on Sunday, 19th May 2019.
Donations in lieu if desired to the British Heart Foundation.
POTTS DAVID On the 10th August 2017, suddenly at his home, David Potts of Kirkpatrick Court, Dumfries, loving partner of Audrey, loving father, grandfather, great-grandfather and brother.
Beloved wife of the late George Ferguson, dearly loved mum of Tommy and a much loved gran and great gran.
BLACK DUNCAN Suddenly on 2nd January, 2017 at Edinburgh Hospital after sudden heart failure, Duncan (wee Dunc) Black, aged 59 years of Stirling.
COLLINS ISABEL (BEL) On the 8th March 2018, peacefully at Dumfries Infirmary, in the presence of her family, Isabel (Bel) Collins of Yew Tree Place, Mouswald, beloved partner of Robert, dearly loved mum of Kim and Mark, a loving nana and great-gran.
Funeral service at Holytown Crematorium on Friday 3rd March 2017 at 1.30pm.
The funeral service will be held on Monday 11th November at 10am at West Lothian Crematorium to which all are respectfully invited.
Funeral service to be held at 12.30pm, on Wednesday 8th November 2017 at Mortonhall Crematorium, Edinburgh.
She will be sadly missed by all who knew her.
Service to be held in Wamphray Parish Church on Monday 20th March at 12 noon, thereafter to Wamphray Churchyard Cemetery to which all friends are respectfully invited to attend.
Funeral service, to which all family and friends are respectfully invited, at Woodside Crematorium, on Monday 5th March at 2pm.
Service at Thornhill Parish Church on Monday 5th June at 11.15am followed by interment at Morton Cemetery.
Funeral service today Wednesday 26th July at Dryfesdale Church Lockerbie at 2.30pm, thereafter to Roucan Loch Crematorium Dumfries.
Funeral service will be held at Thomas Cuthell & Sons, Funeral Parlour, Broad Street, Denny on Friday 1st December at 10.30am, to which all friends are respectfully invited, followed by interment at Hills of Dunipace Cemetery, arriving approximately 11.15am.
O'HARE MARY Peacefully at F.V.R.H. on Monday 24th July, 2017, Mary (nee Ferguson), aged 88 years.
MORE MOIRA Suddenly, but peacefully at home on Monday 17th October, 2016, Moira (nee Russell), aged 78 years of Whins of Milton.
Funeral on Friday 9th December at Holmsford Bridge Crematorium at 9am.
Much loved mother of Mary, grandmother to Christine and Michael and great grandmother to Leah, Bobby, Kacie, Freya, Fallon and Hunter.
Family flowers only please, donations if desired to Kidney Foundation.
Family flowers only please, however donations to Strathcarron Hospice will be gratefully received.
Husband to Jean, father to Chris, Alan and Tracey.
Funeral service at Stirling Crematorium on Friday 18th October at 2pm, to which all relatives and friends are respectfully invited.
Special husband, father, papa and great papa.
Funeral service at the Allan Park South Church on Thursday 14th February at 11.00.
WALKER Margaret On the 4th March 2019, suddenly but peacefully at home, Margaret McGarrie Walker, nee Allan, of Martinton Road, Heathhall, beloved wife of the late Kenny, dearly loved mother, mother-in-law, gran, great gran, aunt and friend to many.
followed by interment in St. Cuthbert's Churchyard.
Funeral Service at Woodside Crematorium on Thursday 7th February at 3:00pm to which all family and friends are respectfully invited.
Cherished husband of Liz, devoted dad to Jamie, Shaun, Ann, Christine and her husband Scott, doting grandpa to Naomi, Reice, Rhea, Ethan, Mackenzie, Ellice, Imogine and Aidan, great-grandpa to Rowan.
Dearly loved husband of Lesley, beloved dad of Lauren, much loved son of Margaret and the late Robert, loved brother, uncle, great-uncle, son-in-law and brother-in-law who will be sadly missed by all who knew him.
McDADE JOSEPH Suddenly but peacefully at the Royal Alexandra Hospital, surrounded by his family on Sunday, 12th November, 2017, Joe, beloved Husband of Frances, much loved Father of Joseph, Christina, Andrew, Graham, Karen and Fiona and adored Grumpy to all his Grandchildren.
Thereafter, at Masonhill Crematorium, Ayr, at 1:15pm.
No flowers, please.
Funeral service will be held on Thursday 3rd August at 10am at St. Mary's R.C. Church, thereafter to St. Thomas Cemetery, to which all family and friends are respectfully invited.
MACKINTOSH DEREK Sadly at Craigieknowes Care Home Perth, on Sunday 2nd October 2016, Derek, aged 70 years, beloved husband of Lesley, dearly loved dad of Ailsa, Morna, Rona and Innes, much loved grandad of Jackson, Leah, Emily and Aneurin and a dear father-in-law of Alan, Scott, Rob and Sarah.
Family flowers only please.
If so desired, donations to Macmillan Cancer Relief may be given at the service.
Beloved husband to Mary, much loved Dad to Shona, Carol and Iain and a proud Grandad to Chloe, Louise, Jack, Emma, Camryn and Jasmine.
Beloved wife of the late John Murie, and a much loved mother, grandmother and sister.
Beloved husband of Ina, loving dad to Steven, Kevin and Lee, cherished grandad to Claire, Ryan, Gary, Cleo, Eva and Louis and father-in-law to Julie, Debbie and Stevie.
Family flowers only please but if desired a retiring collection will be taken for Prostate Cancer UK.
A friend to all who knew her.
Private cremation thereafter.
Funeral service to which all family and friends are respectfully invited at Kay Park Parish Church, Kilmarnock on Friday 25th January at 11.30 am, thereafter to Masonhill Crematorium, Ayr at 13.15pm.
There will be a retiral collection in aid of St Michael's Hospital, Linlithgow for those who wish to donate.
Service at Roucan Loch Crematorium on Tuesday 6th February 2018 at 2pm.
Beloved mother, grandmother and great grandmother of the family.
Donations, if desired, to Alzheimer Scotland.
A dear wife of the late Edward Copland (Ed), a much loved mother of Eddie and Billy, dear mother-in-law, granny and great granny.
Service at Roucan Loch Crematorium on Tuesday 26th March at 12 noon to which all friends are respectfully invited.
HILSON IRENE At Perth Royal Infirmary on Friday 23rd September 2016 Irene (nee Stewart), daughter of the late Alexander and Dora, beloved wife of the late Andy much loved mum of Louise and the late Andrena, dearly loved Gran of Gregor, Bruce, Andrew, Iain, Kerr and Mark, a loved Great Gran of Alexander and Hunter, a dear sister of the late Norrie, James and Alex, a dear mother-in-law of Kenny and the late Bryan and a good friend to many.
Dearly loved wife of Jim, much loved mum of Patricia, Elspeth and Kenneth and a loving granny.
Sadly missed by all the family.
Family flowers only please, donations if desired to Singleton Park Care Home (Residents Fund).
Much loved mum, grandma, great-grandma and friend to many.
Dearly beloved mother of Colin, Raymond and Alice, loving sister, aunty, grandmother, great-grandmother and great-great-grandmother.
Service at Roucan Loch Crematorium on Thursday 14th March at 12.00 noon.
Funeral service will be help at Callander Kirk, Callander on Monday 26th June, 2017 at 11.00am and thereafter to Callander Cemetery to which all friends are respectfully invited.
McMILLAN Robert Suddenly on 17th January 2019 as the result of a tragic accident in East Kilbride, Rab (Robert) aged 55 years.
Grateful thanks are extended to all who cared for Tom with such care and dignity.
She will be greatly missed.
Funeral service on Wednesday 28th August at St Maurs Glencairn Church, Kilmaurs at 11:45am.
Sleep tight.
Funeral service at Woodside Crematorium on Tuesday 23rd January at 4pm, to which all friends are respectfully invited.
McCAFFERY Isabella Peacefully at F.V.R.H on Monday 7th October 2019 , Isabella McCaffery (nee Johnstone) aged 88 years of Bannockburn and formerly of Cowie.
CROSS At Wishaw General Hospital on 3rd February 2018, David aged 86 years, beloved husband of the late Nan Kenny, much loved dad of Jim and Anne, Moira and John and Dye of Laura, David and Megan.
Sadly missed by all.
Service at Roucan Loch Crematorium on Wednesday 13th December at 1.00pm.
For funeral times please contact Henry Dorricott Funeral Services on 01698 882 170.
Whatever else we fail to do, we never fail to think of you.
MCPHEE Nancy Suddenly at the Royal Alexandra Hospital on 28th January 2019, Nancy beloved wife of Norrie, a much loved mum of Norrie, a devoted and loving gran to Lewis and Mirrin.
STODDART (NEE WILSON) JEAN On Thursday 2nd February 2017, in the loving care of Alma House, Dalbeattie, formerly of Barhill Road, Dalbeattie, Jean Stoddart (nee Wilson), beloved wife of the late Allan, dearly loved mother of the late Allan, Elizabeth and Joyce, loved sister of Betty Watson and late brother Andrew Wilson, and loving and much loved aunt.
WATSON Geoff Watson of Dundonald, died suddenly on Wednesday 20th June 2018.
HADLEY MARGARET On 14th March 2019 peacefully at Dumfries Infirmary, Margaret Hadley of Durisdeer, dearly loved wife of Alan and a much loved sister and aunt.
The Funeral service will be held on Wednesday 15th November at 1pm at West Lothian Crematorium, to which all are respectfully invited.
STEWART David Peacefully at F.V.R.H. on Saturday 2nd February 2019 , David McAuslan Stewart aged 86 years of Stirling.
Funeral on Thursday 7th February, service in Perth Crematorium at 12.30pm to which all family and friends are respectfully invited.
SPEIRS Peacefully at home on 26th May 2018 , Annie McMaster Speirs, died aged 83 years, beloved wife of the late Billy and a much-loved mum, gran and great gran of the family, will be sadly missed by all.
KNOX DAVID (MCGIBBON) Peacefully at home on Friday 12th October 2018, surrounded by his loving family.
STEWART JIM On 26th March 2018 peacefully at Thornhill Hospital, Jim Stewart of Burnhead, dearly loved husband of Annie, much loved dad of Lorna, Graham and Anne Marie, father in law of Kenny, Sue and Billy and a devoted papa and great papa.
Funeral service will be held at Kilmarnock Independent Funeral Parlour, Church Street, Kilmarnock on Tuesday 14th June at 2.00pm.
Donations in lieu of flowers to Accord Hospice.
Ann will always be sadly missed.
CASSIDY Margaret Peacefully at the Royal Alexandra Hospital on 6th March 2019, Margaret beloved wife of the late Joe, sister to Mary and Elizabeth and a friend to many.
The family will be celebrating his life at Masonhill Crematorium on Monday 2nd July at 11.15am.
Service at Roucan Loch Crematorium on Wednesday 21st March at 2pm.
God Bless.
SHARPE Wilma Sadly at Crosshouse Hospital on 16th February 2019, Wilma passed away.
Funeral service, to which all family and friends are respectfully invited, at Woodside Crematorium on Thursday 10th November at 3pm.
Family flowers only please, donations if desired to Alzheimer Scotland and Dumfries & Galloway Sands.
Thereafter to St Thomas Cemetery to which all relatives and friends are respectfully invited.
Service to which all are welcome, will be held at Thomas Brown Service Room on Wednesday 3rd January 2018 at 2pm, thereafter to Loaninghill Cemetery at 2.45pm.
Funeral thereafter to Holmsford Bridge Crematorium, Dreghorn for 3.00pm, all friends are respectfully invited.
Family flowers only please as there will be a retiral collection in lieu of flowers.
Adored by his grandchildren and great-grandchildren.
SIMPSON DAVID Peacefully with his family at Cornhill Macmillan Centre, Perth on Sunday 20th November 2016 , David William (of Stagecoach, Perth) beloved husband of Mairi, dearly loved dad of Jacqueline, Carole, Louise, David and Laura, a loved Grandpa of Rebecca and James, a dear brother, son-in-law, father-in-law, brother-in-law and uncle.
ANDERSON ELIZABETH Peacefully at home on 8th January 2019.